Tomohiko Nakamura is a Japanese professional vert skater.
""" The Drover's Wife "" is a dramatic short story by the Australian writer Henry Lawson."
Effects Other wikis Hurricane Dennis was an early-forming major hurricane in the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico during the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Oleśnica Mała () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Näs bruk is a locality situated in Avesta Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden, with 207 inhabitants in 2010.
De Nobili School, CMRI, associated with the former Central Mining Research Institute in Dhanbad, Jharkhand, India, has classes one through twelve and is run by the Society of Jesus.
Marco Antonio Martinez Dabdoub is a Mexican politician.
The Shalem Colony Formation is a geologic formation in New Mexico.
Stanley Nyazamba (born January 6, 1983) is a Zimbabwean retired footballer. Nyazamba moved from his native Zimbabwe to play college soccer at Lee University.
Paul Bryers (born 1 August 1955 in Liverpool) is a British film director, screenwriter and fiction author.
Martin Rossiter (born 15 May 1970) is a Welsh singer, who is noted for being the lead singer of the British indie band Gene from 1993 until their break-up in 2004.
Kleinblittersdorf (French: Kleinbliederstroff) is a village and a municipality in the district of Saarbrücken, in Saarland, Germany.
Ulyana Voitsik () (born October 12, 1989) is a Belarusian women's ice hockey player. Currently, she is a member of Istanbul Buz Korsanları SK team in Istanbul, Turkey playing in the forward position.
Hiatus Kaiyote () is a future soul quartet formed in Melbourne in 2011.
Christine Jean (born 1957 in Nantes) is a French biologist and environmental activist.
Ultimate is a greatest hits compilation album by UK electronic music band Pet Shop Boys.
IBM Informix is a product family within IBM's Information Management division that is centered on several relational database management system (RDBMS) offerings.
John Dempsey (born 15 March 1946 in Hampstead, England) is a former footballer who played from the 1960s to the 1980s as a defender.
Saulius Štombergas (born December 14, 1973) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player, basketball coach and businessman.
My Journey (stylized as My Journey.) is the debut studio album by Australian singer and songwriter Karise Eden, who won the first season of The Voice Australia.
The Hillsboro Tribune was a weekly newspaper that covered the city of Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon and was published from 2012 to 2019.
KGST (branded as Multi Cultural AM 1600) is a radio station serving Fresno, California and Vicinity broadcasting a Regional Mexican format.
Sanjay Batra is a television actor in India.
Acidity is the fifth album by Indonesian avant-garde metal band Kekal.
We Ar Lyve is the debut album by German electronic music artist Moguai.
Sydney Howard (7 August 1884 – 12 June 1946) was an English stage comedian and film actor born in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire.
""" Love Is the Look You're Looking for "" is a single written by American country music artist Rose Lee Maphis for American country music artist Connie Smith."
Dziękowizna [d͡ʑenkɔˈvizna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Ray Forsberg was a college football player. He was a prominent quarterback for the Utah Utes football team.
Jake Speed is a 1986 American action adventure comedy directed and produced by Andrew Lane, with Wayne Crawford, and William Fay.
Mohd Farid Saibun (born 19 March 1988) is a Malaysian professional footballer from state of Sabah.
Inje University (인제대학교) is a private university founded in 1932, located in Gimhae, South Korea.
Cortney Tidwell is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Cortney Lara Tidwell was born on December 2, 1972 in Nashville, Tennessee to country singer Connie Eaton and Cliff Williamson, music producer at A&R.
The 108th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (The Lancashire Fusiliers) (108 RAC) was an armoured regiment of the British Army's Royal Armoured Corps during World War II.
The Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada (MFDA) is a Canadian self-regulatory organization (SRO) that provides oversight to dealers that distribute mutual funds and exempt fixed income products.
The Lion and the Mouse is a lost 1919 American silent drama film produced and released by the Vitagraph Company of America. It was directed by Tom Terriss and based on the famous Charles Klein play.
Folksongs for a Nuclear Village is the sixth studio album by new-age/jazz group Shadowfax, their first for Capitol Records.
Look Afraid is an Ohio-based rock band formed in 2007. Look Afraid was formed by Alex Nauth and Mat Franklin, previously of Sofapunch (a ska band with mild Ohio exposure).
Syed Ayaz Ali Shah Sheerazi (Urdu: سید ایاز علی شاہ شیرازی‎; born 20 August 1976) is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018.
Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West is a novel published in 1995, written by Gregory Maguire and illustrated by Douglas Smith.
Sirannon is a free, open-source, media server and client.
"KLEA (630 AM; "" True Country "" ) was a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Lovington, New Mexico, United States, the station was owned by Lea County Broadcasting Co. KLEA signed on December 25, 1952."
Mohamed Amine Aksas (born 5 March 1983 in Algiers) is an Algerian football player who is in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Day of Vengeance is the fifth studio album by Ukrainian folk metal band Holy Blood.
Louis Leygue was a French sculptor and painter born on 25 August 1905 at Bourg en Bresse.
""" Bob That Head "" is a song written by Gary LeVox, Neil Thrasher, and Michael Dulaney and recorded by American country music group Rascal Flatts."
Pierremont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Yan Paing () born 27 November 1983 in Yangon) is a Burmese footballer who plays for the Myanmar national football team.
Buffalocomotive is an American rock band formed in 2012, in Joliet, Illinois–a suburb of Chicago. The founding members, bassist/lead vocalist/lyricist Brahm Taylor and guitarist/backing vocalist Marc Kaducak, have been collaborating musically since 1987.
1C also acquired MaddoxGames company.
Tōjin Okichi (唐人お吉, Tōjin Okichi) is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Mitsuo Wakasugi.
Varun Tej is an Indian film actor known for his works in Telugu cinema.
The Executive DBA Council (EDBAC) is a global volunteer organization that focuses on executive doctoral programs and their issues.
The Wrecker (1892) is a novel written by Robert Louis Stevenson in collaboration with his stepson Lloyd Osbourne.
Born in Corbin, Kentucky, UK basketball great and Corbin native Jerry Bird dead at 83 he played collegiately for the University of Kentucky.
Placer High School Lincoln High School is a public high school located in the city of Lincoln, California.
Tatiana Zaitseva is a former football defender. Throughout her career she played for Kubanochka Krasnodar, Energiya Voronezh and Ryazan VDV.
Ostaszewo-Pańki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Oselište is a village in the municipality of Busovača, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
George Yates (21 August 1858 — 21 July 1933) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1883. Yates was born at Bolsover, Derbyshire and became a coal miner.
Band Sar Molla Ahmad Bazar (, also Romanized as Band Sar Mollā Aḩmad Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
Beyond Citizen Kane is a 1993 British documentary film directed by Simon Hartog, produced by John Ellis, and first broadcast on Channel 4.
Internes Can't Take Money is a 1937 American drama film directed by Alfred Santell and starring Barbara Stanwyck, Joel McCrea, Lloyd Nolan, and Stanley Ridges.
The first Baby monitor was the Zenith Radio Nurse in 1937.
Cédric Klapisch (French: [se.dʁik kla.piʃ] ; born 4 September 1961) is a French film director, screenwriter and producer.
Johnny Bacolas (Greek: Γιάννης Μπάkολας; classical transcription Yiannis Bacolas) born March 3, 1969, in Seattle, Washington, is a composer, musician, producer, music video director, and videographer.
Lo Zappatore is a 1950 Italian film directed by Rate Furlan.
Pong Tao (Thai: ปงเตา) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ngao District, in Lampang Province, Thailand. In 2005, it had a total population of 8846 people.
Bikstok Røgsystem is a Danish dancehall band consisting of Eaggerman (Dwayne McFarlane), Pharfar (Søren Schou) and Blæs Bukki (Lasse Bavngaard).
Aguas Claras Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Aguas Claras) (IATA: OCV, ICAO: SKOC) is an airport serving Ocaña, a municipality of the Norte de Santander Department of Colombia.
Florinda is an oil on canvas painting by a German painter and lithographer Franz Xaver Winterhalter.
Süloğlu (Greek: Ασβεστοχώρι Asvestochṓri) is a district of Edirne Province of Turkey. The mayor is Erol Atik (AKP).
This Is Bat Country is the second studio album by Australian pop punk band Short Stack, released through Sunday Morning Records on 12 November 2010.
Mahyaddin Abbasov (Azerbaijani: Məhyəddin Paşa oğlu Abbasov) was a celebrated journalist, writer and publicist in Soviet Azerbaijan, then part of the USSR.
Carl Killen is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in the 2010 provincial election.
Bury the Hatchet is a documentary film directed by Aaron Walker.
Invicta Grammar School is a grammar school with academy status in Maidstone, Kent, England.
WGRA (790 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a talk radio format. Licensed to Cairo, Georgia, United States, the station is currently owned by Lovett Broadcasting Enterprises.
"""Hot"" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, taken as the third single from her third studio album, The Best Damn Thing (2007)."
Enrique de Gandía (February 1, 1906, in Buenos Aires – July 18, 2000) was an Argentine historian, author of over a hundred books.
Robert Paturel is a French boxer, born in 1952 in Rueil-Malmaison. He won the French Boxing championship six times in France, and became a European champion in 1984.
Professor Abdul Shakoor Rashad () was born on November 14, 1921, in Kandahar city, Afghanistan.
The Best of Rossa is a greatest hits album by Indonesian pop singer Rossa.
Donofrosë is a village in the former municipality of Cukalat in Berat County, Albania.
Eddie Hertzberger (17 October 1904 & ndash; 2 May 1993) was a wealthy Dutch industrialist and racecar driver.
Onnum Mindatha Bharya (Malayalam: ഒന്നും മിണ്ടാത്ത ഭാര്യ) is a 1984 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Balu Kiriyath and produced by Thiruppathi Chettiyar.
Chehalem Mountain Heliport is a private Heliport located 4 miles north of Newberg in Washington County, Oregon, USA.
Randolph Mahaffey (born September 28, 1945) is an American former professional basketball player.
Rumenka (Serbian Cyrillic: Руменка) is a suburban settlement of the city of Novi Sad, Serbia.
Wood mice are primarily seed eaters, particularly seeds of trees such as oak, beech, ash, lime, hawthorn, and sycamore.
Erukhan (Armenian: Երուխան) (1870 – 1915) was the pen name for Yervant Srmakeshkhanlian (Armenian: Երուանդ Սրմաքէշխանլեան), was an Armenian writer of the late 19th and early 20th century.
Clarendon High School (CHS) is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in Clarendon, Arkansas, United States.
Patrick Ngoma (born 21 May 1997) is a Zambian association football forward.
Krępna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zdzieszowice, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Vraneša is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš, western Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 485 people.
Electronic Dream is the debut studio album by American producer AraabMuzik, released digitally on June 14, 2011 by Duke Productions LP.
Valdemoro-Sierra is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 173 inhabitants.
Yunnan Provincial Library (YPL) (云南省图书馆), founded in 1909, is located in Kunming, China. Yunnan Provincial Library was awarded Guust van Wesemael Literacy Prize 2005 by IFLA.
Liane, Jungle Goddess (German Liane, das Mädchen aus dem Urwald) is a 1956 West German film directed by Eduard von Borsody.
To the Last Day (Korean: 이 생명 다하도록 Saengmyeong Dahadorok) is a 1960 South Korean drama film directed by Shin Sang-ok.
Gert Evan Nilsson (7 February 1932 – 9 November 2016 Gert Nilsson 7/2 1932-9/11 2016 at ifkmalmo.se/ ) was a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward in Malmö FF.
Cheri is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film directed by KS Sivachandran.
Ron Thompson (July 5, 1953 – February 15, 2020) was an American electric blues and blues rock guitarist, singer and songwriter.
Meenakshi College for Women () is a women's college in Kodambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.
Kinga Philipps (born August 16, 1976) is a Polish American actress and award winning journalist.
Opet sam se zaljubio (English translation: I Fell in Love Again) is the ninth studio album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić.
"The Pool Hustlers (Italian: Io, Chiara e lo Scuro, ""I, Chiara and lo Scuro"") is a 1982 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Maurizio Ponzi."
Patrol Squadron 10 (VP-10) is a United States Navy Patrol Squadron based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
"""Death and What Comes Next"" is a fantasy short story by British writer Terry Pratchett, part of his Discworld series."
REDIRECT Mini World (album).
Patsy Cline's Golden Hits is a 1962 compilation album that consisted of material recorded by country music singer Patsy Cline.
Héctor Larrea (born October 30, 1938) is an Argentine radio and television host.
Bombshell is a sci-fi film/thriller written and directed by Paul Wynne, and starring Henry Thomas, Mädchen Amick, Frank Whaley, Pamela Gidley, and Brion James.
Gabriel Araújo Marins Rodrigues (born March 20, 1996), better known by the stage name Biel, is a Brazilian singer.
The Somerset County Gazette is a weekly tabloid newspaper in Somerset, England.
The Oxford Murders (Spanish: Crímenes imperceptibles; Imperceptible Crimes) is a novel by the Argentine author Guillermo Martínez, first published in 2003.
Discography: The Complete Singles Collection is the first greatest hits album by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys.
Elie Mitri (born 26 January 1980) (Arabic; ايلي متري) is a Lebanese actor, writer and stand up comedian.
Fereidoun Biglari () is an Iranian archaeologist and a museum curator.
Seo Seung-ah (; born December 18, 1983) is a South Korean actress.
Li Ang (Chinese: 李昂; real name Shih Shu-tuan with Li Ang being her pen name; born 5 April 1952, in Lukang, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese feminist writer.
Tucci is the oldest of three children; his sister is actress Christine Tucci.
Black Hills State University (BHSU) is a public university in Spearfish, South Dakota.
Kristen May is an American musician, best known as the former lead singer of the rock bands Vedera and Flyleaf.
Colonial Hills Christian School was a private Christian school in Lithia Springs, Georgia, United States.
Luís Filipe Oliveira (born 27 May 1983), better known by his stage name Lucenzo, is a Portuguese–French reggaeton recording artist and record producer.
Kahn Singh Nabha (30 August 1861 – 24 November 1938) was a Punjabi Sikh scholar, writer, anthologist, lexicographer, and encyclopedist.
Reußenköge (Danish: Reussenkog) is a sparsely populated municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Ángel Custodio Loyola (September 4, 1926 – September 24, 1985), was a Venezuelan singer and composer, known as a pioneer in the joropo genre.
Hajji Azwar Abubakar (born 21 June 1952 in Banda Aceh) is the current Administrative Reform Minister of Indonesia.
Can't Stop the Love is the sixth studio album and seventh overall album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze.
NGC 223 is a spiral galaxy located approximately 238 million light-years from earth.
Take It Like You Give It is the tenth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, released in 1967 by Columbia Records.
Mariano Paredes (1800—1856) was President of Guatemala from January 1, 1849 to November 6, 1851 as a compromise chief of state.
Lewis Blackbird (born 21 February 1987) is a British former motorcycle speedway rider.
WZNE (94.1 FM) – branded 94.1 The Zone – is a commercial alternative rock radio station licensed to Brighton, New York, serving the Rochester metro area.
The Aix Annunciation is a painting attributed to the Barthélemy d'Eyck or the so-called Master of the Annunciation of Aix-en-Provence.
Louka Katseli (Greek: Λούκα Κατσέλη, ; born 20 April 1952) is a Greek economist and politician.
Klang is the third and final studio album by English indie rock band The Rakes, released on 23 March 2009.
Neel Dutt was born on 7 March 1979, in Kolkata. His parents are Anjan Dutt and Chanda Dutt.
Nikolaos Kontopoulos (Greek: Νικόλαος Κοντόπουλος, 1889–1958) was a Greek writer.
Duncan Preston (born 11 August 1946) is an English actor.
Cheer Perfection is an American reality television series that debuted on December 19, 2012, on TLC.
Álvaro Bustos Sandoval (born 26 June 1995), is a Spanish footballer who plays for Pontevedra CF as a winger. Born in Gijón, Asturias, Bustos graduated with Sporting de Gijón's youth setup.
House of Fools (Russian: Дом дураков, Dom durakov) is a 2002 Russian film by Andrei Konchalovsky about psychiatric patients and combatants during the First Chechen War.
Raison d'être is a Swedish dark ambient project formed by Peter Andersson.
Justin Marler (born July 29, 1972 in Chico, California) is an American musician and author. He is known for being a founding member of the seminal stoner metal band Sleep, and for leaving a burgeoning career in music to become a monk in an Eastern Orthodox monastery.
PNG Air is an airline based on the grounds of Jacksons International Airport, Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.
Sorkhanlu (, also Romanized as Sorkhānlū) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Edogawa University (江戸川大学, Edogawa daigaku) is a private university in Nagareyama, Chiba, Japan, established in 1990.
Jean Frédéric Joliot-Curie (French: [fʁedeʁik ʒɔljo kyʁi]; né Joliot; 19 March 1900 – 14 August 1958) was a French physicist, husband of Irène Joliot-Curie with whom he was jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1935 for their discovery of artificial radioactivity.
Cœur fidèle is a 1923 French drama film directed by Jean Epstein.
Life Light Up is the first studio album from contemporary Christian music artist Christy Nockels, released on June 2, 2009, by Sparrow Records and sixstepsrecords.
'Souvenir' is the full-length debut album by Canadian singer/songwriter Kristy Thirsk.
A Crime Has Been Committed (French:Un crime a été commis) is a 1919 French silent film directed by André Hugon.
Paul Tilsley CBE is a British local politician. He was deputy leader of Birmingham City Council and the senior Liberal Democrat in the council's ruling Liberal Democrat–Conservative coalition.
Sir Reginald Alfred Hibbert, GCMG (21 February 1922 – 5 October 2002) was a British diplomat. Reginald Hibbert was educated at Queen Elizabeth's School, Barnet, and Worcester College, Oxford, where he took a war-shortened course in modern history.
Kelsey Wakefield (born 1 June 1991) is an Australian water polo player.
Where the Red Fern Grows is a 2003 American family adventure film directed by Lyman Dayton and Sam Pillsbury and starring Joseph Ashton, Dave Matthews, Ned Beatty and Dabney Coleman.
Dr. Abdel Hamid Badawi Pasha (13 March 1887 – 4 August 1965) was born in Alexandria, Egypt.
Trophy Wife were an English indie rock band from Oxford, England, consisting of Jody Prewett (vocals, guitar, bass), Ben Rimmer (keyboards, sampler) and Kit Monteith (drums, percussion, sampler).
Rogačice (; in older sources also Rogačica ) is a small village in the hills south of Boštanj in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.
Daisy Roulland-Dussoix (9 September 1936 – 5 January 2014) was a Swiss molecular microbiologist.
""" The Dog Said Bow-Wow "" is a science fiction short story by American writer Michael Swanwick, published in 2001."
The Night Wanderer: A Native Gothic Novel is a novel by Canadian author Drew Hayden Taylor published by Annick Press in 2007.
Robbert Duval (21 September 1639, The Hague – 22 January 1732, The Hague), was a Dutch Golden Age painter who lived well into the 18th century.
Osaka Story (大阪物語, Ōsaka monogatari) is a 1999 Japanese drama film directed by Jun Ichikawa and starring Chizuru Ikewaki, Kōsuke Minamino, Kenji Sawada and Yūko Tanaka.
Tulmohan Ram was an Indian politician belonging to Indian National Congress.
BTG Pactual is a Brazilian financial company that operates in the markets of investment banking, wealth management and asset management.
Korzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Rudbahi (Persian: رودباهي‎, also Romanized as Rūdbāhī) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Salim Mansur is a Professor Emeritus of Political Science at the University of Western Ontario in Canada.
Daphne Rubin-Vega (born November 18, 1969) is a Panamanian-American dancer, singer-songwriter, and actress.
Daniel O'Reilly (June 3, 1838 – September 23, 1911) was a U.S. Representative from New York from 1879 to 1881. He was born in Limerick, Ireland and emigrated to the United States in July 1856 with his parents, who settled in Brooklyn, where he was educated.
Skankin' Pickle Live is a live album by American ska punk band Skankin' Pickle, released on Dill Records in 1995.
Arthur Bulleid (1862–1951) was a British antiquarian, known for the excavation of Glastonbury Lake Village and Meare Lake Village.
KIFG (1510 AM) is a commercial radio station serving the Iowa Falls, Iowa area.
"I Was a Teenage Serial Killer is an underground no budget film written and directed by ""The Queen of Underground Film"", Sarah Jacobson."
J. Sterling Livingston in 2009 J. Sterling Livingston (June 7, 1916 – February 14, 2010) was an American entrepreneur, management consultant, and professor at the Harvard Business School for 25 years.
Yang Li (; born 26 February 1993) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Suning in the Chinese Women's Super League.
Gula is a crater on Ganymede.
""" Perfect Storm "" is a song recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley."
Sri Simhachala Kshetra Mahima is a 1965 Telugu film written and directed by B.
Enrico Bartoletti (7 October 1916 – 5 March 1976) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop who served on the Italian Episcopal Conference and also as the Archbishop of Lucca.
Ardlethan (/ɑːrdˈliːθən/) is a small service town in the Coolamon Shire in New South Wales, Australia.
Thug World Order is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, released on October 29, 2002.
Toastmaster is a brand name for home appliances. It was originally (1921) the name of one of the world's first automatic electric toasters for home use, the Toastmaster Model 1-A-1.
KDWA (1460 AM and 97.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a hyperlocal Talk/Personality format, licensed to Hastings, Minnesota.
Asta (born Asta Evelyn Binnie-Ireland, 13 January 1994) is a singer-songwriter from Cygnet, Tasmania, Australia.
Richard Travis (born William Benton Justice, April 17, 1913 – July 11, 1989) was an American actor in films and television.
XEDKN-AM is a radio station on 1230 AM in Guadalajara, Jalisco.
Adamu Garba Talba (born 15 August 1952) was elected Senator for the Yobe South constituency of Yobe State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2007.
The Day of Judgment is a novel written by Sardinian jurist and writer Salvatore Satta.
""" Sandmann "" is a single from German Neue Deutsche Härte band Oomph!."
The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish is a book by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean, first published in 1997 by White Wolf Publishing.
Zekes was a dansband, established in January 2009 in Skara, Sweden.
The Open Semantic Framework (OSF) is an integrated software stack using semantic technologies for knowledge management.
"Cannonball Adderley and the Poll-Winners is an album by jazz saxophonist Julian ""Cannonball"" Adderley released on the Riverside label, featuring performances by Adderley with Wes Montgomery, Ray Brown, Victor Feldman, and Louis Hayes."
The Mistress (German: Die Geliebte) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Edda Croy, Harry Liedtke and Eugen Burg.
Oeren Heliport is a private heliport located near Veurne, West Flanders, Belgium.
Sameer Dharmadhikari is an Indian film and television actor and model.
Kondrajec Szlachecki (Polish pronunciation: [kɔnˈdrajɛts ʂlaˈxɛtskʲi]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Derrick de Kerckhove (born 1944) is the author of The Skin of Culture and Connected Intelligence and Professor in the Department of French at the University of Toronto, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Bítouchov is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
"Rush, also known as Jake Rush, is an American attorney known for challenging incumbent Theodore Scott ""Ted"" Yoho for the United States House of Representatives seat for Florida's 3rd congressional district in 2014."
Years of Refusal is the ninth studio album by English alternative rock singer Morrissey.
Kandi Airport is a public use airport located near Kandi, Alibori, Benin.
Nitanju Bolade Casel has been a member of the African American a cappella ensemble Sweet Honey in the Rock since 1985.
1946-47 Illini Starting Five(L to R) Andy Phillip, Ken Menke, Walt Kirk, Jack Smiley, Gene Vance Walton Kirk Jr, the son of Walton Sr. and Gertrude Kirk, grew up in Mount Vernon, Illinois and graduated from Mt.
O Chifrudo is a theatrical comedy in two acts, written by Miguel M. Abrahão, in 1978 and published first in 1983 in Brazil.
"Alexander ""Alex"" Steinweiss (March 24, 1917 – July 17, 2011) was a graphic design artist known for inventing album cover art. Alex Steinweiss was born on March 24, 1917, in Brooklyn."
Agustín Bernal (born Romualdo Bucío Bucío; 1959 in the town of El Cahulote in Parácuaro, Michoacán – 8 January 2018) was a Mexican actor, film director, writer, and producer, mostly known for his frequent appearances in Mexican urban westerns, action films, and crime thrillers.
R. J. Q. Adams (born September 22, 1943) is an author and historian. He is professor of European and British history at Texas A & M University.
Houses of the Horny is a studio album by the Mentors released in 1994, containing demo versions of tracks from what would have been their next album.
Aranis are a Flemish acoustic avant-rock, experimental and neo-classical chamber music group led by composer and contrabass player Joris Vanvinckenroye.
Here and Elsewhere (French: Ici et Ailleurs) is a 1976 documentary film by Jean-Luc Godard and Anne-Marie Miéville.
Eetti is a 1985 Tamil action drama film directed by Rajasekhar.
Charlotte Cortlandt Ellis (June 27, 1874 – March 17, 1956) was an American botanist and plant collector active in New Mexico.
Icarus is the first studio album by the band The Forms, produced by Steve Albini and released on February 25, 2003.
Puszczykowo-Zaborze () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Yeniçağa is a town and a district of Bolu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey, 38 km from the town of Bolu, on the highway from Istanbul to Ankara.
Mart Enrico Escudero, (born April 11, 1990) commonly known as Martin Escudero, is a Filipino actor, model and television personality.
Cegielnia Lewicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Ahmad Al Fadhli (, born 6 September 1982) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a goalkeeper for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Qadsia.
Valdeavellano is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 103 inhabitants.
Sleeping on Trash: A Collection of Songs Recorded 2005–2010 is a compilation album by American rock band The Wonder Years.
Guernica (Spanish: [ɡeɾˈnika], Basque: [ɡernika]) is a large 1937 oil painting on canvas by Spanish artist Pablo Picasso.
Road, Movie (Hindi: रोड, मूवी) is a 2009 Indian road movie directed by Dev Benegal, and starring Abhay Deol, Tannishtha Chatterjee, and Satish Kaushik.
Infernal Affairs II is a 2003 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.
An Hysteric Return: P.D.Q. Bach at Carnegie Hall is live recording of a P. D. Q. Bach concert in Carnegie Hall and was released on Vanguard Records in 1966.
Staropol [staˈrɔpɔl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Dasht-e Palang () is a village in Tasuj Rural District, Shonbeh and Tasuj District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 10 families.
Añaterve was the Guanche mencey (king) of Menceyato de Güímar at the time of the conquest of Tenerife in the 15th century.
Kosin University Gospel Hospital (KUGH or Gospel Hospital) is a teaching hospital of the College of Medicine, Kosin University in 34 Amnam-dong Seo-gu Busan Busan, South Korea.
The Prodigal Son (German: Der verlorene Sohn) is a 1934 German drama film directed by Luis Trenker and starring Trenker, Maria Andergast and Bertl Schultes.
The World War I Victory Medal (originally known as the Victory Medal) was a United States World War I service medal designed by James Earle Fraser.
The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret is a British-American black comedy television series starring David Cross, Sharon Horgan, Blake Harrison, Will Arnett, Spike Jonze, Sara Pascoe and Amber Tamblyn.
Enurmino (Russian: Энурмино; Chukchi: Иннурмин; Yupik language: Анушпик and also known as Ennurmin (Russian: Эннурмин) and Enyurmin (Russian: Энюрмин)) is a rural locality (a selo) in Chukotsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
Doug Elniski is a Canadian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Edmonton-Calder as a Progressive Conservative.
Salival is a live, outtake, and video album, released as a limited edition box set in CD/VHS and CD/DVD formats in 2000 by American rock band Tool.
The 49th Troop Carrier Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
Unmistakeably Rainbow Trout is the second album by the English psychedelic rock band Poisoned Electrick Head.
The Final Hour is a 1936 American drama film directed by D.
""" Movin' Up "" is the debut single from Swedish Eurodance band Dreamworld."
Paul Gludovatz (born 10 June 1946) is an Austrian football manager currently managing SV Ried.
Dan Bogan (1860 & ndash; after 1889) was an American gunfighter and outlaw of the American Old West, who today is considered to have been one of the most underrated gunmen of the 19th century west.
The Daily Siftings Herald was a daily newspaper serving Arkadelphia in southern Arkansas, United States.
Degilbo is a town and a locality in the North Burnett Region, Queensland, Australia.
Here Comes the Rumour Mill is a song by English indie rock band Young Knives and is featured on their debut album, Voices of Animals and Men.
The New York Singing Teachers' Association (NYSTA) is an international educational association of singing teachers and affiliated voice professionals based in New York City.
Giovanni Antonelli (1 October 1818 – 14 January 1872) was an Italian scientist, astronomer and engineer. Antonelli was born in Pistoia, Tuscany.
Machinda is a town in Equatorial Guinea.
In the Beginning is the debut studio album by British ten-piece hip-hop group Blazin' Squad.
"Jiří Orten (born ""Jiří Ohrenstein"" in Kutná Hora on August 30, 1919; died September 1, 1941) was a Czech poet."
Lalo = Brilliance (subtitled The Piano of Lalo Schifrin) is an album by Argentine composer, pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1962 and released on the Roulette label.
Algert Gjonaj (born 18 October 1987) is an Albanian professional basketball player who plays for BC Vllaznia in the Albanian Basketball Superliga as well as the Albania national team.
Eichenau is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany.
Henry A. Bamman (June 13, 1918 -February 14, 2000 ) was an American author, professor and teacher. His titles focuses were adventure and science fiction.
Altıntaş is a town and a district of Kütahya Province in the Aegean region of Turkey.
Michalis Fakinos (Greek: Μιχάλης Φακίνος) (b. 1940, Athens, Greece) is an acclaimed Greek writer.
Alan Lightman was born and grew up in Memphis, Tennessee.
Egil Hegerberg (born 23 March 1970) is a Norwegian comedian and musician known for his humorous lyrics and behavior.
The K.L.E Society's KLE College of Engineering and Technology (KLECET) is an engineering college in Chikodi, Belgaum, India.
State Elementary School Menteng 01 (Indonesian: Sekolah Dasar Negeri (SDN) Menteng 01), also known as SDN Besuki or the Besuki school, is an Indonesian public school in Menteng, Jakarta.
Dorian Andronic (born 16 October 1989) is a Romanian former football player. He started as a center back at Cetatea Suceava when he was 16 years old.
Bittersweet July is the second extended play (EP) by American recording artist Dev, released on September 23, 2014 by her own record label Rica Lyfe Records.
Anna Olsson (19 August 1866, Värmland, Sweden - 15 February 1946, Rock Island, Illinois) was a Swedish-American author.
KIXW-FM is a commercial radio station in Lenwood, California, broadcasting to the eastern section of the Victor Valley area on 107.3 FM.
Work Done on Premises is the first album and first live album released by The Radiators (US).
Asunto terminado is a 1953 Argentinean film, directed by Kurt Land, written by Abel Santa Cruz.
Pale-Prača is a town and municipality located in Bosnian-Podrinje Canton Goražde of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Kainan University (KNU; ) is a private university located in Luzhu District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.
The Morrill Limestone is a stratigraphic unit in east-central Kansas, northeast-central Oklahoma, and southeastern Nebraska in the Midwestern United States.
Jerry Adler is an American rock musician, singer and record producer based in New York City. He is best known as frontman and guitarist of former New York indie rock group The Blam, who wrote three albums before disbanding in 2005.
Lauren Geremia (born 1982 in Wallingford, Connecticut. ) is an American interior designer based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Gerdab-e Sofla (Persian: گرداب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gerdāb-e Soflá) is a village in Falard Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
Origin of Symmetry is the second studio album by English rock band Muse, released on 17 July 2001 by Mushroom Records and Taste Media.
Arising Realm is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Ragnarok.
Marco Alcaraz (born July 12, 1985) is a Filipino actor, commercial model, and former varsity basketball player at San Sebastian College-Recoletos.
Devoleena Bhattacharjee (born 22 August 1985) is an Indian television actress and a trained Bharatanatyam dancer known for portraying Gopi Modi in the Star Plus drama series Saath Nibhaana Saathiya.
BandNews TV is a Brazilian 24-hour television news channel, owned by Grupo Bandeirantes.
Totally Insane was a hip hop group from East Palo Alto, California, whose members were Mac-10, Ad Kapone and Scoot Dogg.
Fritz Friedrichs (17 May 1882, Hamburg - 28 July 1928, Hoopte, Harburg District) was a German Post-Impressionist painter.
Sizarr was a German electronic, post-punk band from Landau, Germany. The band consists of Deaf Sty, * 1991, (vocals/guitar/synth), P Monaee, * 1991, (vocals/guitar/synth) and Gora Sou, * 1993, (drums/machines).
Bacon and cabbage () is a dish traditionally associated with Ireland.
Patrick Alexander, sometimes going by the alias Reid, is an Australian cartoonist.
Anonymous Content is an entertainment company founded in 1999 by CEO Steve Golin.
Ulla Renvall is a former Sweden Paralympic nordic skiing and athletics coach.
Jal Minocher Mehta (died 2001) was a Parsi Indian surgeon, social worker and philanthropist, known for his services for the rehabilitation of people afflicted with leprosy.
The Curtis Memorial Library is the public library of Brunswick, Maine, USA.
Paul Kehoe (born 11 January 1973) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Minister of State at the Department of Defence since 2011.
Detail The Beethoven Frieze is a painting by Gustav Klimt on display in the Secession Building, Vienna, Austria.
KAZR (103.3 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Pella, Iowa, and serving the Des Moines metropolitan area.
Philip I, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein (1490 in Cologne & ndash; 16 June 1558) was the only son of Count Adolph III and his wife Margaret of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
Tom Atkins (born November 13, 1935) is an American character actor.
Paulo Afonso Miessa, widely known as Paulo Goulart (9 January 1933 – 13 March 2014) was a Brazilian actor. He was married to Brazilian actress Nicette Bruno from 1958 until his death in 2014; the couple had three children.
Gong Hyun-joo (born January 7, 1984) is a South Korean actress.
Kurgal (Persian: كورگل‎, also Romanized as Kūrgal) is a village in Qomrud Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.
Jukti Takko Aar Gappo (Jukti tôkko aːr gôppo, English: Reason, Debate and a Story) is a 1974 Bengali film directed by auteur of Indian cinema Ritwik Ghatak.
American Boyfriends is a 1989 Canadian comedy-drama film written and directed by Sandy Wilson and starring Margaret Langrick, John Wildman, Jason Blicker, Liisa Repo-Martell, and Delia Breit.
Rana Ratan Singh II (? He was a son of Rana Sanga.
Ezel Akay (born 20 January 1961) is a Turkish film actor, film director and film producer.
Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar () is a 1973 Bollywood comedy film directed by Rajendra Bhatia.
Hlupín is a village and municipality (obec) in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Totò e Peppino divisi a Berlino, internationally released as Toto and Peppino Divided in Berlin, is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.
WBNS-FM (97.1 FM, 97.1 The Fan) is a radio station in Columbus, Ohio, United States, airing a sports radio format.
Keele University School of Health and Rehabilitation is a teaching department of Keele University, Staffordshire, England.
In 1972, Ealey signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Ealey won the CFL's Most Outstanding Rookie Award and was named to the CFL All-Star team.
Zakhmi Sher () is a 1984 Indian Hindi-language action film produced by Pradeep Sharma under the TUTU Films banner and directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.
James Crocket Wilson (July 19, 1841 – October 8, 1899) was a Canadian businessman and politician in the province of Quebec. Born near Rasharkin, County Antrim, Ireland, the son of Samuel Wilson and Elizabeth Crocket, Wilson emigrated to Montreal with his parents in 1842.
Yacob Jarso Kintra (born 5 February 1988) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner and former steeplechaser.
Kosiny Bartosowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
WNBZ-FM (106.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Saranac, New York, United States, the station is owned by Saranac Lake Radio, LLC.
The New Politics Party (abbreviated NPP; , ), was a political party in Thailand founded on 2 June 2009.
Tolombeh-ye Rahbarabad (, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Rahbarābād) is a village in Negar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Being Myself is a 1998 studio album by Lena Horne, and was the final original studio album released during her lifetime.
Alocén is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 179 inhabitants.
Dave Green (born 5 March 1942) is an English jazz bassist.
Mortimer Jordan High School is a public high school located in Kimberly, Alabama.
Siliconn City is a 2017 Kannada action film directed by Murali Gurappa, in his first direction.
Pati Patni Aur Woh (transl. The husband, the wife and the mistress) is a 1978 Hindi movie produced and directed by B. R. Chopra.
Oceans and Deserts is Gang Gajang's fourth studio album.
Fine Clothes to the Jew is a 1927 poetry collection by Langston Hughes published by Alfred A. Knopf.
My Best Enemy (German: Mein bester Feind) is a 2011 Austrian / Luxembourgian comedy film directed by Wolfgang Murnberger.
SFeraKon is a science fiction convention that takes place in Zagreb, Croatia every year at the end of April.
Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIM Calcutta or IIM-C) is a public business school located in Joka, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
KSIL (107.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Rincon, New Mexico.
Gottlieb Fröhlich (born 13 August 1948) is a Swiss rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Wohlen bei Bern.
Billa is a 1980 Indian Tamil-language action thriller film directed by R.
The Kaweah Delta Medical Center is a 581-bed hospital located in Visalia, California, United States. It is operated by the Kaweah Delta Health Care District, a political subdivision of the State of California which is governed by an elected board of directors.
Mangere Island is part of the Chatham Islands archipelago, located about 800 kilometres (500 mi) east of New Zealand's South Island and has an area of 113 hectares (279 acres).
Vazhakkunnam Neelakandan Namboothiri (8 February 1903 & ndash; 9 February 1983), better known as Professor Vazhakkunnam was an Indian performing magician and illusionist from the south Indian state of Kerala.
Caričina is a village in the municipality of Sjenica, Serbia.
Count Hervé Budes de Guébriant (20 August 1880 – 30 June 1972) was a French agricultural engineer.
Szlichtyngowa [ʂlixtɨŋˈɡɔva] (German: Schlichtingsheim) is a town in western Poland, in the Wschowa County of the Lubuskie Voivodship, near the Oder River.
Hear! is the second studio album by Trixter.
Cody Bass (born January 7, 1987) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played for the Ottawa Senators, Columbus Blue Jackets and Nashville Predators in the National Hockey League (NHL).
P. Sachidanandan (born 1936), who uses the pseudonym Anand, is an Indian writer, writing primarily in Malayalam.
Werner Lämmerhirt (17 March 1949 – 14 October 2016) was a German singer-songwriter and guitarist in the contemporary folk music style.
Zagarancea is a commune in Ungheni District, Moldova.
On 5 November 1936 she married, in London, Colin Kelman, an Australian farmer. Colin and Peggy Kelman then returned to Australia continued as graziers both in Moree, NSW and Julia Creek, Queensland; the couple had 5 children.
Jee Hyun Kim is an Australian behavioral neuroscientist whose work focuses on emotional learning and memory during childhood and adolescence.
Archive is compilation album by English rock band Magnum.
Chaudhry Jaffar Iqbal (Urdu: چوہدری جعفر اقبال‎; born 2 September 1972) is a Pakistani politician who served as Minister of State for Maritime Affairs, in the Abbasi cabinet from August 2017 to May 2018.
Ryan Radcliff (born February 14, 1990) from Sherwood, Ohio is a former American football quarterback. He was the starting quarterback for the Central Michigan Chippewas from 2010 to 2012.
Centre Municipal Airport (FAA LID: C22) is a city-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) east of the central business district of Centre, a city in Cherokee County, Alabama, United States.
Lifejacket is a 2008 studio album by Ian Shaw.
Knuffle Bunny: A Cautionary Tale (canuffle) is a children's picture book by Mo Willems.
Richard Adolf Zsigmondy (1 April 1865 – 23 September 1929) was an Austrian-Hungarian chemist.
Donja Bijenja () is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In 1995, the first Burger Fuel opened in Ponsonby, Auckland by Chris Mason. In 2007, Burger Fuel Worldwide publicly floated on the NZX.
Ursuline High School was a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls college-preparatory high school in Santa Rosa, California, in the Diocese of Santa Rosa.
Žydrūnas Savickas (Lithuanian pronunciation: ​[ʑiːˈdrûːnɐs sɐˈvʲɪtskɐs]; born July 15, 1975) is a Lithuanian powerlifter and professional strongman.
Neil Dorfsman is an American sound engineer and producer best known for his work with Dire Straits, Bruce Hornsby, Mark Knopfler, Paul McCartney and Sting.
Vrsar (Venetian: Orsera) is a small town and a municipality in Istria, Croatia located 9 kilometers south of Poreč.
Jacob Blessing the Sons of Joseph is a 1656 oil painting by Dutch artist Rembrandt van Rijn.
Durant High School is a four-year comprehensive high school located in Durant, Iowa.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pinsk (Latin: Pinsken(sis) Latinorum, Belarusian: Пінская) is a Latin rite suffragan diocese in the Ecclesiastical province (which covers all Belarus) of the Metropolitan Archbishopric of Minsk-Mohilev.
Divisions Livingstone Adventist Academy is a Seventh-day Adventist school in Salem, Oregon, United States.
Baron Farkas Esterházy de Galántha (1614 – 2 September 1670) was a Hungarian noble from the House of Esterházy, son of royal councillor Baron Gábor Esterházy and his first wife, Anna Ujfalussy de Divékujfalu.
Ziyah Vastani (born 8 December 2003) is an Indian bollywood and television child actress.
The Golden River is the second full length album by Canadian indie rock band Frog Eyes.
Kill Me, Kiss Me (K2-케이투-, Kei Tu) is a Korean manhwa originally created by Korean author Lee Young-you revolving around two identical cousins of different gender who end up switching places for about one week's time.
Shamirpet Lake is an artificial lake near Hyderabad, India, it is about 24 kilometers north of Secunderabad.
Innerpartysystem (often stylized as InnerPartySystem) is an American electronic rock band. The group consists of Patrick Nissley, Jared Piccone and Kris Barman.
"The Positronic Man is a 1992 novel by American writers Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg, based on Asimov's novelette ""The Bicentennial Man""."
Eyal Ben Ami (Hebrew: אייל בן עמי; born August 29, 1976) is a retired Israeli professional footballer who played for Maccabi Ironi Ashdod, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Hapoel Petah Tikva, Ironi Rishon leZion, Hapoel Kiryat Shmona, Hapoel Nazareth Illit, F.C.
ZOEgirl was an American Christian teen pop and pop rock band formed in 1999.
Jader da Silva Brazeiro (born February 21, 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Naft Tehran F.C.
Lordivino Ignacio, better known as Bassilyo, is a Filipino rapper.
Session 9 is a 2001 American psychological horror film directed by Brad Anderson, written by Anderson and Stephen Gevedon, and starring David Caruso, Peter Mullan, Gevedon, Paul Guilfoyle, Josh Lucas, and Brendan Sexton III.
Spector is a British four piece indie rock band from London, composed of Frederick Macpherson (vocalist previously of Les Incompétents and Ox.Eagle.Lion.Man), Thomas Shickle (bass), Jed Cullen (synth, guitar) and Danny Blandy (keyboard, formerly drums).
In 2002 Kingston launched a patented memory tester and a new HyperX line of high-performance memory modules, and also patented EPOC chip-stacking technology.
The Triple Threat was a professional wrestling villainous stable that existed in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) from 1995 to 1998. It was Shane Douglas's answer to Ric Flair's Four Horsemen.
Wild on the Beach is a 1965 beach party film directed by Maury Dexter and starring Frankie Randall, Sherry Jackson, Gayle Caldwell, and Jackie Miller.
Dharma Pathini (English: Faithful Wife) is a 1986 Tamil-language Indian feature film, directed by Ameerjan, starring Karthik and Jeevitha.
Hallelooya (or Hallelujah) is a 2016 Malayalam film, directed by Sudhi Aanna in his feature film debut and starring Narain and Meghana Raj in the lead roles.
West Bexington is a village in south-west Dorset, England, sited just behind the Chesil Beach about 6 miles (10 km) southeast of Bridport.
Furmany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
WCRS-LP is a North American community radio station in Columbus, Ohio, area.
Death Comes at High Noon () is a 1964 Danish crime film directed by Erik Balling and starring Poul Reichhardt.
Tropical Storm Arlene was a short lived, pre-season tropical storm which made landfall on the central Louisiana coastline on May 30, 1959, causing minor damages and one fatality.
Experimenter Publishing was an American media company founded by Hugo Gernsback in 1915.
Kolonie Pełczyskie [kɔˈlɔɲɛ pɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
"""Everyday Demons"" is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Answer."
Mohamed Thakil (born (1986-07-12)12 July 1986) is an Egyptian male volleyball player.
Wilson Airport (IATA: WIL, ICAO: HKNW) is an airport in Nairobi, Kenya.
Meyrem Almaci (born 25 February 1976) is a Belgian politician from Flanders and member of the ecological party Groen.
Zavalaz is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2013. It features singer and guitarist Cedric Bixler-Zavala, guitarist Dan Elkan, bassist Juan Alderete and drummer Gregory Rogove.
Emily James Smith Putnam (15 April 1865 – 1944) was an American classical scholar, author and educator. She was the daughter of Justice James C. Smith.
Gary B. Mesibov is a Licensed Psychologist, Psychology professor, editor and an author.
Ilir Jaçellari is an Albanian actor, painter & photographer.
Dmitri Milchakov (born March 2, 1986) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk in the KHL .
"Power Hungry: The Myths of ""Green"" Energy and the Real Fuels of the Future is a book by Robert Bryce about energy, mainly from a United States perspective."
The Cromemco Cyclops, introduced in 1975 by Cromemco, was the first commercial all-digital camera using a digital metal-oxide-semiconductor (MOS) image sensor.
Shri Shikshayatan College is an undergraduate women's liberal arts college in Kolkata, India and was founded on 8 July 1955.
The Wasp Woman (also known as Forbidden Beauty) is a 1995 television horror film directed by Jim Wynorski and starring Jennifer Rubin, and Doug Wert.
Eternal Poison, released in Japan as , is a turn-based tactical role-playing game developed mainly by Flight-Plan, published and produced by Banpresto for the PlayStation 2.
Live at Montreux 1986 is a concert film featuring the British blues rock guitarist and singer Eric Clapton. The video release consists of live footage that was recorded while Eric Clapton and his band played for over one and a half hours at the 1986 Montreux Jazz Festival.
Eddy Lord Dombraye (born 11 November 1979 in Port Harcourt) is a Nigerian professional football striker.
Zami: A New Spelling of My Name is a 1982 autobiography by American poet Audre Lorde.
"Alberto Benavides de la Quintana (October 20, 1920 – February 12, 2014) was prominent Peruvian businessman and engineer, famous for founding the ""Buenaventura Mining Company""."
True Norwegian Black Metal – Live in Grieghallen is Gorgoroth's first full-length live album, released by Regain Records.
Hamsey is a civil parish in the Lewes District of East Sussex, England.
""" Our Kind of Love "" is a song recorded by American country music group Lady Antebellum."
Ryota Inoue (井上 亮太, Inoue Ryōta, born April 26, 1990) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.
Kristine Jensen (born 1956), is a Danish architect who has specialized in landscape architecture.
Chatton is a village in Northumberland, in England.
Jamal Mohamed College is a Government-aided and self-finance institution founded in 1951 by M. Jamal Mohamed Sahib and N.M. Khajamian Rowther. The college campus is located in Tiruchirappalli, India and is affiliated to Bharathidasan University.
Nikos Milios (; born 1 August 1995) is a Greek professional footballer. Milios began his career with Elpides Agrinio.
Miłaczewskie Młyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Hedi Slimane (French pronunciation: ​[eˈdi sliˈman]; born July 5, 1968) is a French photographer and fashion designer.
""" White Liar "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert."
Betkowo [bɛtˈkɔvɔ] (German: Betkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Monument to the Revolution () is a World War II memorial sculpture by Dušan Džamonja, located at Mrakovica, one of the highest peaks of Kozara mountain, Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Namurian Series is a geologic formation in England.
Gaastmeer () is a small village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.
HotCha is a former Hong Kong cantopop trio group presented by Neway Star Entertainment.
The Fermata is a 1994 erotic novel by Nicholson Baker.
Rich Rocka is the second studio album from San Francisco rapper Ya Boy.
Inside Out is the major studio album debut by American country music singer Lee Greenwood, released in 1982.
Joe Atlan (born July 23, 1989 in Málaga) is a Spanish Keyboardist, Composer, YouTube Partner, and Speaker. He has performed with several musicians such as Timo Tolkki and has shared the stage with other artists like Sungha Jung.
Vello Vinn (4 October 1939) is a prominent Estonian printmaker.
XHSS-FM is a radio station on 91.9 FM in San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí.
Narmeh-ye Sofla (Persian: نارمه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nārmeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
Josef Koukl (November 8, 1926 in Brno – May 22, 2010 in Litoměřice) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Litoměřice, Czech Republic.
"Johnny Paycheck (born Donald Eugene Lytle; May 31, 1938 – February 19, 2003) was an American country music singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and Grand Ole Opry member notable for recording the David Allan Coe song ""Take This Job and Shove It""."
Sandra Ramdhanie was an Irish psychic and qualified psychologist.
Czołomyje [t͡ʂɔwɔˈmɨjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Satan Returns is a 1996 Hong Kong horror film directed by Lam Wai-lun and starring Donnie Yen, Chingmy Yau, Kingdom Yuen, Francis Ng and Dayo Wong.
Sir Lucious Left Foot: The Son of Chico Dusty is the debut studio album by American rapper Big Boi, released on July 5, 2010, by Purple Ribbon Records and Def Jam Recordings.
The Little Boss is a 1919 American silent romantic comedy film directed by David Smith and produced by Vitagraph Studios.
Lampa released her first extended play Human independently on January 5, 2010.
Tang-e Shabikhun (, also Romanized as Tang-e Shabīkhūn) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Claudia La Gatta, (born October 9, 1979) is a Venezuelan actress and model.
Dizdarević was born into a Bosnian Muslim family in 1926. His nephew was Srđan Dizdarević, who died in 2016.
Ellen Winther Lembourn (née Sørensen; 11 August 1933, Århus & ndash; 13 August 2011) was a Danish opera singer and actress, best known internationally for her participation in the 1962 Eurovision Song Contest.
Riala () is a locality situated in Norrtälje Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 215 inhabitants in 2010.
Leslie Grade (3 June 1916 – 15 October 1979), born Laszlo (or Lazarus) Winogradsky, was a British theatrical talent agent.
Warhorse Studios s.r.o. Founded in July 2011 by Dan Vávra and Martin Klíma, the studio produced Kingdom Come: Deliverance, which was released in February 2018.
The Wise Guys (U.S. video title: Jailbirds' Vacation) () is a 1965 French comedy film directed by Robert Enrico.
Bimal Kar (Bengali: বিমল কর)(19 September 1921 — 26 August 2003) was an eminent Bengali writer and novelist.
""" Go "" is the first single from The Chemical Brothers album Born in the Echoes."
Maladolescenza (German: Spielen wir Liebe) is a 1977 film directed by Pier Giuseppe Murgia.
Surjit Singh Barnala (21 October 1925 – 14 January 2017) was an Indian politician who served as the chief minister of Punjab state from 1985 to 1987.
Happy Nation is the debut studio album by Swedish pop group Ace of Base.
Mohamed Sobhy (; born 30 August 1981), is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League side El Dakhleya as a goalkeeper.
Zdravinje is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 898 people.
"WOXF (105.1 FM, "" Q105 "" ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Oxford, Mississippi."
Lydie Denier (born 15 April 1964) is a French model and actress. She was born in Saint-Nazaire, France.
Giasuddin Molla () is the member of the Legislative Assembly from Magrahat Paschim (Vidhan Sabha constituency) in West Bengal. In 1997, Mamata Banerjee left the Indian National Congress Party in West Bengal and founded the All India Trinamool Congress.
Dr. Graham C. Newbury (1910–1986) born in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, United States, was a general surgeon.
San Francisco Tlapancingo is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico.
Bronwyn Turei is a New Zealand actress and singer.
Paolo Orsi (Rovereto, October 17, 1859 – November 8, 1935) was an Italian archaeologist and classicist.
It is located in the city of Charleston, South Carolina, United States. Medical University of South Carolina College of Dental Medicine is a part of Medical University of South Carolina.
Fahraj County () is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.
Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler (Spanish pronunciation: [enˈrike miˈɣel iˈɣlesjas ˈpɾeizleɾ]; born 8 May 1975) is a Spanish-Filipino singer, songwriter, actor and record producer.
The Scream Team is a 2002 American television film directed by Stuart Gillard from a story by Robert Short and Dan Berendsen, who also wrote the screenplay.
Sarah Lambert is an Australian actress, writer, director and producer, working primarily in television.
The Spell of the Poppy is a 1915 short drama film directed by Tod Browning.
Heinrich Hilgenreiner (3 November 1870 – 24 October 1954) German surgeon and orthopedist. Born in Prague, and raised in a German family in Bohemia (which at the time was part of the Habsburg monarchy), he served as a medical officer in the First World War.
The Static Age are an American post punk band originally from Burlington, Vermont consisting primarily of Andrew Paley and Adam Meilleur.
"KZBB (97.9 FM, ""B-98"") is a commercial radio station in Poteau, Oklahoma, broadcasting to the Fort Smith, Arkansas, area."
All of the Above is the second studio album by American hip hop artist J-Live.
The 339th Flight Test Squadron is a United States Air Force unit based at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia.
Sayany Airlines was an airline with its headquarters in Irkutsk and with hubs in Chita and Irkutsk.
The Beach Boys: An American Family is a 2000 miniseries written by Kirk Ellis and directed by Jeff Bleckner.
Michel Sordi (born November 9, 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
Two Players from the Bench () is a Croatian comedy-drama film directed by Dejan Šorak.
Scraps at Midnight is the third solo album by former Screaming Trees vocalist Mark Lanegan.
San Jose Sports & Entertainment Enterprises (SJSEE) is a private company based in San Jose, California which owns the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League, the San Jose Barracuda of the American Hockey League, and manages the SAP Center at San Jose arena.
Sar Ashk (; also known as Sar ‘Arsh) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Siberian State Medical University, SibMed (Russian: «Сибирский государственный медицинский университет», СибГМУ) is a public medical school in Tomsk, Russia.
Matt Cornwell (born 16 January 1985 in Leicester, England) is a former English rugby union player.
"Francisco Antonio Sarmiento de Luna y Enríquez, O.S.A. (1615 – 21 July 1683) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Coria (1675–1683), Bishop of Almería (1673–1675), and Bishop of Michoacán (1668–1673). ""."
She was named a People's Artist of Russia in 1994, Kremlin.ru whereas her younger brother Leonid Markov was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1985. In 1945–1947, Rimma Markova studied at the school affiliated with the Vologda Dramatic Theatre with her brother Leonid.
Facing the Animal is the tenth studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen, released in 1997 through Pony Canyon (Japan) and Mercury Records (United States).
Sutlema is a village in Kohila Parish, Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.
Frankenstein is a 1910 film made by Edison Studios. It was written and directed by J. Searle Dawley.
Kuttanellur Heliport is a Government of Kerala owned heliport located in Kuttanellur, in Thrissur city of Kerala, India.
Panatang Makabanda is the 11th studio album released by the Filipino rock band Rivermaya on March 19, 2013 & also their 1st album since 2009.
A right-handed batsman and leg spin bowler, he played 42 times for the Ireland cricket team between 1991 and 1995 CricketEurope Stats Zone profile including four first-class matches First-class matches played by Conor Hoey at Cricket Archive and six List A matches.
Kushva (Russian: Кушва) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located in the Ural Mountains near Yekaterinburg.
F-Man is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline and written by Richard Connell, Henry Johnson, Paul Gerard Smith and Eddie Welch.
Eligio Sardiñas Montalvo (January 6, 1910 – August 8, 1988), better known as Kid Chocolate, was a Cuban boxer who enjoyed wild success both in the boxing ring and outside it during the 1930s.
Beck Row is a village in Suffolk, England.
Eddie Mast (October 3, 1948 – October 18, 1994) was an American professional basketball player who played for the New York Knicks and Atlanta Hawks of the NBA.
Carter Smith, (born September 6, 1971) is an American film director and fashion photographer.
Love Is... is an album by J-pop singer, Sachi Tainaka. It is her second studio album under the Sistus Records label.
Thierry Vigneron (born 9 March 1960 in Gennevilliers, Hauts-de-Seine) is a retired French pole vaulter.
Təngəaltı (also, Təngəalti and Tengyaalty) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 607.
Beautiful Feelings is the eighth studio album recorded by Australian musician Rick Springfield in 1978.
Vakka-Suomi is a sub-region within Southwest Finland region.
Paint is a Canadian indie rock band from Toronto. The group was unofficially formed 2001 in Vancouver, when frontman Robb Johannes was 18 years old.
Donald A. Wallance (1909 & ndash;1990) was an American metalworker, furniture and industrial designer.
Nguyễn Bỉnh Khiêm (阮秉謙; 1491 – 1585) was a Vietnamese administrator, educator, poet, sage and later a saint of the Cao Dai religion and of the new religious movement known as School of Teaching Goodness.
Dukhtar was screened at the 11th South Asian International Film Festival (SAIFF) on 22 November, won two awards at the festival, Best Director and Audience Award for Best Feature.
Albert Huffstickler (December 17, 1927 – February 25, 2002) was an American poet.
Roko Belic is an American film producer and director.
Tågarp is a bimunicipal locality situated in Svalöv Municipality and Landskrona Municipality in Skåne County, Sweden with 431 inhabitants in 2010.
Węglowice [vɛnɡlɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Kuhlhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Howard Pease (September 6, 1894 & ndash;April 14, 1974) was an American writer of adventure stories from Stockton, California.
Kazuyuki Kiyohei Tsukigawa (1874 & ndash;1948) was a notable New Zealand mariner and salvation army officer.
Patricia Mauceri (born April 7, 1950) is an American actress.
Napoleon's Daughter (German: Die Tochter Napoleons) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara, Ludwig Hartau and Ernst Hofmann.
Clue J & His Blues Blasters were a Jamaican band of the late 1950s and early 1960s led by Cluett Johnson, who were one of the first bands to play ska.
Mauro Bogliatto (born 24 February 1943) is a former Italian high jumper.
Jean-Marc Jaumin (born 5 February 1970) is a Belgian retired basketball player and current coach.
Mujaddid Ahmed Ijaz, Ph.D. (Urdu: مجدد احمد اعجا ز; June 12, 1937— July 9, 1992), was a Pakistani-American experimental physicist noted for his role in discovering new isotopes that expanded the neutron-deficient side of the atomic chart.
Lewis Nkosi (5 December 1936 – 5 September 2010) was a South African writer, who spent 30 years in exile as a consequence of restrictions placed on him and his writing by the Suppression of Communism Act and the Publications and Entertainment Act passed in the 1950s and 1960s.
Kutty Padmini is a South Indian movie actress who mainly works in Kollywood.
Shahid Mallya is an Indian playback singer who has sung in various films.
Dust is the sixth studio album by the Scottish Celtic fusion band Peatbog Faeries, released on 8 August 2011 on Peatbog Records, although pre-release copies were released on 20 July 2011 through the band's online shop.
Live 2002 is the first live album released by the American rock band Comes with the Fall.
The Walls of Delhi is a novel by Indian writer Uday Prakash.
If I Were for Real () is a 1981 Taiwanese drama film directed by Wang Toon.
KRIB (1490 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Mason City, Iowa.
Our Long Road Home is the fourth studio album and third independent album by alternative metal band Taproot and was released on September 16, 2008.
Icy Sparks is a novel by Gwyn Hyman Rubio.
Luigi Omodei (1607 – 26 April 1685) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal. Omodei was born in 1607 in Milan, S. Miranda: Luigi Omodei the son of Carlo Omodei, first Marquis of Piovera, and Beatrice Lurani.
Deilig er fjorden! (English: The fjord is lovely!) is a 1985 Norwegian comedy film directed by Jan Erik Düring, starring Rolv Wesenlund, Elsa Lystad and Sverre Holm.
Impressive is the seventeenth studio album by Japanese jazz fusion band T-Square, releasead on April 22, 1992.
"WRDR (89.7 FM, ""Bridge FM"") is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Freehold Township, New Jersey, it serves the New York metropolitan area."
Vacha Reservoir ( Yazovir Vacha; before 1999: Antonivanovtsi Reservoir) is a body of water associated with a dam in Devin Municipality, south Bulgaria.
"""Pop, Lock & Drop It"" is an uptempo American crunk song and the debut single by the rapper Huey, produced by Calvin Miller Production, released from his debut album Notebook Paper."
Ferkessédougou Department is a department of Tchologo Region in Savanes District, Ivory Coast.
Wake the Union is the sixteenth studio album by British folk duo Show of Hands.
Cristina Scarlat (Romanian pronunciation: [krisˈtina skarˈlat]; born 3 March 1981 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan pop singer.
Munébrega is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, eastern Spain.
Alex Kim (born December 20, 1978) is a professional tennis player from the United States.
Great American Gymnastics Express, known also as GAGE Center or just GAGE, is an American artistic gymnastics academy, located in Blue Springs, Missouri.
Mudana is a village in Patan district, Gujarat, India.
Astreal are an indie rock band, most often associated with the genres of post rock, shoegazing, and noise pop.
Super Hits is a greatest hits album from Miles Davis.
James Clements Municipal Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport located three & nbsp;nautical miles (6 & nbsp;km) south of the central business district of Bay City, in Bay County, Michigan, United States.
Centurion is a 2010 British historical action-war film directed by Neil Marshall, loosely based on the disappearance of the Roman Empire's Ninth Legion in Caledonia in the early second century AD.
Chapter Two is the second album by American composer Bill Laswell issued under the moniker Sacred System.
"WUSJ (96.3 FM, "" US96.3 "" ) is a radio station licensed to the community of Madison, Mississippi, and serving the greater Jackson, Mississippi, area."
Bishop Ramsey School is a coeducational Church of England secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Ruislip area of the London Borough of Hillingdon, England.
Karl Hack (born 15 June 1892, date of death unknown) was an Austrian long-distance runner.
Ana Horra ( - I Am Free) is a studio album by the Lebanese singer Carole Samaha released in 2004.
Secuencia (Sequence) is the second studio album from Mexican Latin pop group Reik, released on December 12, 2006 through Sony BMG.
"""Music and Lights"" is a single by British trio Imagination, released in 1982 by R&B Records."
Nowe Mostki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Born in Sallisaw, Oklahoma, he left for California during the Okie exodus of the 1930s. Billy Hughes and His Buccaroos performed during the 1940s and early 1950s.
Adult emperor penguins stand up to 110-130 cm (43-51 in) tall.
George Carpenter, 2nd Earl of Tyrconnell (1750 – 15 April 1805), styled The Honourable George Carpenter until 1761 and Viscount Carlingford between 1761 and 1762, was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons for 30 years from 1772 to 1802.
Northwest Fork Hundred is a hundred in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.
The Barber of Seville (), also released as The Barber of Sevilla, or the Useless Precaution, was a 1904 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès, based on the play of the same name by Pierre Beaumarchais.
Frederick Eaton (1856 – March 11, 1934), known as Fred Eaton, was a major individual in the transformation and expansion of Los Angeles in the latter 19th century through early 20th century, in California.
Tah Mac (born 06/05 Brooklyn, New York) is an American rapper and songwriter, who rose to fame as a producer of various hip hop and R&B acts, before releasing his first solo gold single and album in 2009.
"In Sweden, Marklund had her biggest success with the Swedish-language single ""Mikrofonkåt"", originally performed by Swedish rapper Petter."
Mercedes Gloria Salguero Gross (24 September 1941 – 1 November 2015) was a Salvadoran politician, businesswoman, and one of the founders of the Nationalist Republican Alliance (ARENA).
Yuriko Ishida (石田 ゆり子 (石田 百合子), Ishida Yuriko, born October 3, 1969) is a Japanese actress and essayist from Nagoya.
H. A. Moyer Automobile Company (1908–1915), a manufacturer of luxury automobiles in Syracuse, New York, was founded by Harvey A. Moyer (1853–1935) of Clay, New York.
Chester-le-Street was a county constituency centred on the town of Chester-le-Street in County Durham.
Up All Night is the first studio album by the American country music artist Kip Moore.
Banjevići () is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Alyna is a 2010 Philippine romantic-drama television series loosely based on the PHR pocketbook Dominic created by Martha Cecilia and directed by FM Reyes and Cathy Garcia-Molina and serves as the 13th installment of the Precious Hearts Romances Presents series.
D-Noy Muzik is a label founded by Daniel Desnoyers in June 1999 within the Donald K. Donald Group.
Nakol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
WGBH radio studios in Boston (on Market Street, within the WGBH Guest Street studio complex) WGBH (89.7 MHz) is a public radio station located in Boston, Massachusetts.
Smoke & Jackal is a rock supergroup composed of Kings of Leon bassist Jared Followill and Mona singer and guitarist Nick Brown.
Raja Manthiri (lit. 'King, Minister') is a 2016 Tamil-language Indian comedy-drama film written and directed by Usha Krishnan and produced by P. G. Muthiah.
Mae Kon (Thai: แม่กรณ์) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a population of 6439 people.
Kneebody is an American band formed in 2001, consisting of Adam Benjamin on keyboards, Shane Endsley on trumpet, Ben Wendel on tenor sax, and Nate Wood on bass and drums.
""" Up from the Skies "" is a song by English/American psychedelic rock band the Jimi Hendrix Experience, featured on their 1967 second album Axis: Bold as Love."
Axvall is a locality situated in Skara Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 1,186 inhabitants in 2010.
Bariwali (, translation: The Landlady, English-language title: The Lady of the House) is a Bengali film released in 2000 directed by Rituparno Ghosh.
Mumbhai Connection is a 2011 Hindi-language film shot entirely in Atlanta, USA. The film was set to release theatrically in August 2014 It is directed by Atlanta Nagendra, who also wrote the screenplay.
Gangsta 1 More Time is the seventh studio album and first mixtape by Mr. Serv-On, released in 2009.
Calabasas High School is a four-year high school in Calabasas, California, United States.
Tomoyasu Asaoka (浅岡 朝泰, Asaoka Tomoyasu, born April 6, 1962) is a former Japanese football player.
Stephen Decatur Engle (December 18, 1837 & ndash; January 24, 1921) of Sybertsville, Pennsylvania was an American inventor best known as the creator of the Engle Monumental Clock, a clockwork described at the time as The 8th Wonder of The World.
The Farisita Formation is a geologic formation in Colorado.
Jack Laird (May 8, 1923 – December 3, 1991) was an American screenwriter, producer, director, and actor.
Syed Muhammad Saqlain Shah Bukhari (; born 1 January 1981) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, from June 2013 to May 2018.
Dungu-Uye Airport is an airport serving the Kibali River town of Dungu in Orientale Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Dimples is a 1936 American musical drama film directed by William A. Seiter.
Minuscule 907 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε1323 (von Soden), is a 14th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment.
Natasha Seatter (born 7 March 1993 in Miri, Sarawak) is a Malaysian racing driver.
Frances the Mute is the second studio album by American progressive rock band The Mars Volta released in February 2005 on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal.
Abrams's son, Richard Jr., was at high school in the early 1960s.
The 791st Bombardment Squadron is a former United States Army Air Forces unit.
Irugaiyur is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census, Irugaiyur had a total population of 3368 with 1637 males and 1731 females.
Becky Hogge (born 1979 in London) is a UK-based music and technology writer and the first full-time executive director of the Open Rights Group, resigning in 2008.
Michael Holm (born Lothar Walter, 29 July 1943, Stettin, today Szczecin) is a German singer, musician, songwriter and record producer.
Marin Barleti University (UMB) (Albanian: Universiteti Marin Barleti) is a private institution of higher education in Albania named after the 15th-century historian/humanist, Marin Barleti, author of the historic account on the Skanderbeg epics.
Aliabad-e Khazayi-ye Aliabad-e Marki (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Khazāyī-ye ‘Alīābād-e Mārḵī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Steven Butler is an American comic book artist.
Rodmarton is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire.
Grace and Gratitude is the twenty-second studio album by Australian singer Olivia Newton-John.
Bravo Airlines was an airline based in Madrid, Spain operating long-haul passenger and cargo services between Europe and Africa.
Jean Paul Vuillemin (13 February 1861 – 25 September 1932 in Malzéville) was a French mycologist born in Docelles.
Serge Emaleu Ngomgoue or Emaleu Serge (born 21 February 1985 in Bafoussam, West Region) is Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for Persipasi Bekasi.
Colored Lights: The Broadway Album is the eighth studio album--and the first tribute album--by American singer-songwriter-actress Debbie Gibson.
Farebi Shahzada also called The Shepherd, is a 1931 Indian cinema's action silent film directed by A.
The Aso Boy (あそぼーい！) is a limited express train service in Kyushu, Japan, operated by Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu) since June 2011.
U.F.O. (re-titled Alien Uprising in 2013) is a 2012 British science fiction film about an alien invasion, written and directed by independent British filmmaker Dominic Burns.
S14 near Pabianice A1 near Łódź A2 and S7 near Warsaw Expressway S8 or express road S8 (in Polish droga ekspresowa S8) is a major road in Poland which connects Wrocław via Łódź and Warsaw to Białystok.
In Greek mythology, Aether (/ˈiːθər/; Ancient Greek: Αἰθήρ, romanized: Aithḗr, pronounced [aitʰɛ̌ːr]) is one of the primordial deities.
The Russky Bridge (Russian: Русский мост, Russian Bridge) is a cable-stayed bridge in Vladivostok, Primorsky Krai, Russia.
Horodnic de Jos is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.
Baštra () is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Ben Zion Hyman (1891 & ndash;1984) was a Canadian Jewish bookseller. Originally from Mazyr in what is now Belarus, Hyman graduated from the Odessa Polytechnical Institute.
"Starborne is a 1996 science fiction novel by American writer Robert Silverberg, an expansion of his 1973 story ""Ship-Sister, Star-Sister""."
Ismet Bey Kryeziu (1889–1952) was an Albanian political figure during the 1930s and 1940s. Kryeziu was born in Yakova, Sanjak of İpek, Ottoman Empire in 1889, or 1888.
""" The Race Is On "" is a song written by Don Rollins and made a hit on the country music charts by George Jones and on the pop and easy listening charts by the unrelated Jack Jones."
"""Blind in Love"" is a song written by Bob Corbin, and recorded by American country music artist Mel Tillis."
"To Be Immortal is the third album released by Oran "" Juice "" Jones."
William Luff (1872–1960) was a British actor and cinematographer.
In 2015 he was awarded the Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian honour. L. K. Advani was born in Karachi in a Sindhi Hindu family of businessmen to parents Kishanchand D. Advani and Gyani Devi.
Musashino Joshi Gakuin (武蔵野女子学院) is a middle school and high school in Tokyo, Japan. It is located in Nishitōkyō, Tokyo, near Kichijōji Station.
"La puerta y la mujer del carnicero (""The Door and the Butcher's Wife"") is a 1968 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza."
Nokhvodkar (Persian: نخودكار‎, also Romanized as Nokhvodkār) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
Daniel Fernández Torres (born April 27, 1964) is the current bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arecibo.
For the Occidental Hotel in Seattle, Washington see Seattle Hotel The Occidental Hotel opened in 1861 in San Francisco, California.
The Fajã de Fernando Afonso is a permanent debris field, built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Rosais, in the municipality of Velas, island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
The Hawk of Powder River is a 1948 American Western film directed by Ray Taylor.
Kingdoms of Grace is a 2008 Canadian and Colombian co-production. Created by Nastasha Baron, starring Kelly Donohue, Andres Londono, Liam Kidner, and Jena Sharma.
Hsan Sint (Burmese: ဆန်းဆင့်, also spelt San Sint) is a Burmese politician and former government minister and army general.
Bobby Murray (born June 9, 1953) is an American electric blues guitarist, songwriter and record producer who has played in Etta James' backing band for twenty three years, performed on three Grammy Award winning recordings with James and B.B.
Jan Gajdoš (27 December 1903 in Brno - 19 November 1945 in Brno) was a Czech gymnast.
Ali Goli (, also Romanized as ‘Alī Golī) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.
Orrin Evans (born 28 March 1975) is an American jazz pianist.
Their Most Beautiful Ballads is a compilation album of recordings by Boney M. released by MCI/BMG in late 2000.
W.S.Q. is a 1980 album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet released on the Italian Black Saint label.
Lambs Anger is the third studio album by Mr. Oizo.
Emily Wilkens (1917-2000) was an American fashion designer specialising in childrenswear.
Cozart-Coley House is a historic Victorian house located in downtown Stem, North Carolina.
She emigrated to the United States in 2010 and married Rocky Lachapel. Francisca Lachapel auditioned for Nuestra Belleza Latina in New York City where she advanced to Round 2 and was invited to Miami to further compete in the competition.
Santiago Tenango is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico.
Kon-Tiki Nunatak () is a raft-like nunatak, high, surmounting the Cooper Icefalls in the center of Nimrod Glacier, Antarctica.
Matthew Hawes (born February 13, 1986 in Pointe-Claire, Quebec) is a male swimmer from Canada, who mostly competes in the backstroke events.
Elisa is a compilation album by Italian singer Elisa released in 2002.
The Invincible Gladiator (Italian: Il gladiatore invincibile, Spanish: El gladiador invencible) is a 1961 film directed by Alberto De Martino and Antonio Momplet.
Ampelikou (Greek: (το) Αμπελικού; Turkish: Bağlıköy) is a village in Cyprus, west of Lefka.
Ricky Cockerill (born 26 October 1978) is a New Zealand former competitive figure skater.
WBFH, also known as The Biff, is a community radio station that has operated out of Bloomfield Hills High School in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan since October 1, 1976.
Joel Hopkins (born 6 September 1970) is a British independent film director and screenwriter best known for his films Jump Tomorrow (2001) and Last Chance Harvey (2008).
Pier Giacomo Castiglioni (22 April 1913 – 27 November 1968) was an Italian architect and designer.
Madison Violet is a Juno-nominated Canadian music duo composed of singer-songwriters Brenley MacEachern and Lisa MacIsaac.
Nothing Has Changed (stylised as Nothing has changed.) is a compilation album by English musician David Bowie.
Alireza Novin (, born 27 February 1961 ) is the former mayor of Tabriz, Iran.
Aliabad Nazar Alivand (, also Romanized as ʿĀlīābād Naẓar ʿAlīvand) is a village in Rumiani Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Holoșnița is a commune in Soroca District, Moldova.
""" Roses for the Dead "" is a single by Funeral for a Friend release from their album Hours."
Kids Can't Fly were a British pop punk band from Southampton, United Kingdom that formed in May 2006.
Blog 27 was a Polish musical group founded in 2005 by two teenage vocalists Tola Szlagowska and Ala Boratyn performing pop music with elements of pop punk and pop rock.
The Last Juror is a 2004 legal thriller novel by John Grisham, first published by Doubleday on February 3, 2004.
The Rainbow Fish is a children's picture book drawn and written by author and illustrator, Marcus Pfister, and translated into English by J. Alison James.
"Ministry of Sound Sessions Two is a dance music compilation album and the second installment of the Australian Ministry of Sound "" sessions "" series which started back in 2004."
Firas Mugrabi (, ; born 24 July 1991) is an Arab-Israeli footballer who plays for Bnei Sakhnin.
The Naked God is a science fiction novel by British writer Peter F. Hamilton, the third book in The Night's Dawn Trilogy, following on from The Reality Dysfunction and The Neutronium Alchemist.
Follow for Now is the debut and only studio album by the American rock band Follow for Now, released in 1991.
The Rio Republican Party (Portuguese: Partido Republicano Fluminense, PRF) was a Brazilian political party founded in 1888 to represent the republican ideals of the agrarian elite of Rio de Janeiro.
Racine 2 (also known as Racine Volume 2) is the second album by indie rock band Racine.
Thomas Hopfer (born 20 April 1990) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for USV Allerheiligen in the Austrian Regional League.
Om Prakash Rao is an Indian film director, screenwriter, film producer and film actor who primarily works in Kannada film industry.
Moiano is a frazione of the comune of Città della Pieve in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.
"Allez, Eddy!, translated as "" Go, Eddy! "" , is a Belgian movie and long feature film debut of director Gert Embrechts."
15 of the Best is a compilation album by Canadian Country singer Anne Murray.
Ayzieu (Aisiu in Occitan language) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Masumi Ishiyama (born 22 June 1981) is a former Japanese cricketer who played three Women's One Day International cricket matches for Japan national women's cricket team in 2003.
Arshani (Arabic: عرشاني‎) is a Syrian village located in Idlib Nahiyah in Idlib District, Idlib.
The Dark Side of the Heart () is a 1992 Argentine drama film directed by Eliseo Subiela.
Kilis (Arabic: كلز‎ Killiz; Kurdish: Kilîs‎) is a city in south-central Turkey, near the border with Syria, and the administrative centre of Kilis Province.
Ihlow is a village and a municipality in the district of Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
"Maxim ""Max"" Aleksandrovich Fadeev (Russian: Макси́м Алекса́ндрович Фаде́ев) (born 6 May 1968) is a Russian singer-songwriter, composer and producer. Maxim Fadeev was born on 6 May 1968 in Kurgan, Kurgan Oblast, USSR."
Chapters is a 2012 Malayalam film written and directed by debutant director Sunil Ibrahim.
Ai Haruna (はるな 愛, Haruna Ai, born 21 July 1972) is a Japanese transgender TV personality and singer.
The Czech Lacrosse Union (), is the governing body of lacrosse in Czech Republic.
Pope Felix I was the bishop of Rome from 5 January 269 to his death on 30 December 274.
Yasmine Hamdan (Arabic: ياسمين حمدان‎; born 1976) is a Lebanese singer, songwriter and actress, now based in Paris.
Ron Giteau (born 31 May 1955 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer.
Be Like My Child (わたしの子供になりなさい, Watashi no Kodomo ni Narinasai) is the 25th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima.
Siavash Shams () (also known as Siavash Sahneh due to his hit song Sahneh) (born 26 January 1963) is an Iranian singer, songwriter, record producer.
Jean Louis Georges Poiret (25 April 1872 - 1932) was Lieutenant-Governor of Guinea when it was a French colony. Born in Le Mans, he served twice as acting Governor of French Guinea; 9 May 1912 to 7 March 1913 and from 23 October 1915 to 12 October 1916.
Shemshak-e Pain (Persian: شمشك پايين‎, also Romanized as Shemshak-e Pā’īn) is a former village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District, Rudbar-e Qasran District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.
Budy Strzegowskie [ˈbudɨ stʂɛˈɡɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Diamonds Are Brittle () is a 1965 French romantic crime film directed by Nicolas Gessner.
Born in the town of Crickhowell, Roger Williams studied at Christ College, Brecon, and Selwyn College, Cambridge.
A Time for Singing is a musical with music by John Morris, lyrics by Gerald Freedman and John Morris, and a book by Freedman and Morris.
Devon Jersild (born August 25, 1958) is a clinical psychologist, author and screenwriter.
Chroślice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The Childhood of a Leader is a 2015 historical mystery drama film, co-written, co-produced and directed by Brady Corbet, and is Corbet's feature film directorial debut.
Fritz Hauser is a Swiss musician and composer from Basel, Switzerland.
Parsberg is a town in the county of Neumarkt in Bavaria, Germany.
Shaping Up is an American sitcom created by writer-producers Sam Simon and Ken Estin, which ran for five weeks on ABC from March 20 until April 17, 1984.
The Mutiny of the Elisnore is a 1920 American silent action film directed by Edward Sloman and starring Mitchell Lewis, Helen Ferguson, and Noah Beery Sr. It is an adaptation of the Jack London novel The Mutiny of the Elsinore.
Dayve Hawk (born 1981), better known by his stage name Memory Tapes, is an American singer-songwriter and record producer, and the former frontman of the Philadelphia-based band, Hail Social.
Dobroutov () is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
WEWC (1160 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Callahan, Florida, United States, the station serves the Jacksonville area.
Stretton-under-Fosse is a village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire. In 2001 its population was recorded as 185, increasing to 234 at the 2011 Census.
John Warren (born September 23, 1938 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian jazz musician (saxophone) and composer, known for the cooperation with John Surman and Mike Westbrook.
Days Gone By is an album by American country music artist James House. Released in 1995 as his third and final studio album, it was also his only album for the Epic Records label.
Pemba South Region (Swahili: Kusini Pemba) is one of the 31 regions of Tanzania.
Billy Van is an American DJ and music producer from Bloomington, Indiana, where he studied recording arts at Indiana University.
The Atlas Moth is an American post-metal band from Chicago, Illinois, that formed in 2007.
Qu Yun (; born June 5, 1978 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a former butterfly stroke swimmer from China.
One is the Bee Gees' eighteenth studio album (sixteenth worldwide), released in April 1989 (August 1989 in the United States).
Steven Peterman is an American television producer, screenwriter, and actor.
Amal International School is an international school in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Paul Millsap (born February 10, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The trilogy of Persians and I (Parsian va Man, ) is the first modern Iranian mythical and epic fantasy series novels written by Arman Arian (), a Persian author, novelist and researcher.
Princess Salwa Aga Khan (born Kendra Irene Spears August 5, 1988) is an American fashion model and the wife of Prince Rahim Aga Khan.
Kupinsky District (Russian: Ку́пинский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the thirty in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia.
Setlagole (Se tlaa gola) is a historical Tswana village next to the N18 in Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.
Franklin Flying Field (FAA LID: 3FK) is a privately owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Franklin, a city in Johnson County, Indiana, United States.
David Welch is an academic historian specialising in the study of twentieth-century propaganda.
Mahaut of Châtillon (1293– 3 October 1358) was the daughter of Guy IV of Châtillon and Marie of Brittany. In 1308 she married Charles of Valois, the son of Philip III of France and Isabella of Aragon.
Carol Shelton is an American winemaker and entrepreneur. She has been called the most awarded winemaker in America and was the San Francisco Chronicle's Winemaker of the Year in 2005.
Paul Alphéran de Bussan was a French Roman Catholic archbishop who served as Bishop of Malta from 1728 till 1757.
Hossein Monzavi (Persian: حسين منزوی‎) (23 September 1946 in Zanjan, Iran – 5 May 2004 in Tehran) was a prominent Iranian poet, essayist and translator who had great effects on Iranian literary mutating.
Heart of Virginia is a 1948 American sports drama film directed by R.G.
Elsewhere and Elsewhen is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Groff Conklin.
Contemporary architecture in Warsaw is represented by the Rondo 1 office building by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill.
"""The Custody of the Pumpkin"" is a short story by British comic writer P."
Van Eeghen is the name of a Dutch patrician family from Kortemark in Belgium.
Merrimack Valley Seaplane Base (FAA LID: MA2) is a privately owned, public-use seaplane base located three miles (5 km) west of the central business district of Methuen, a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
Sankarea: Undying Love (Japanese: さんかれあ, Hepburn: Sankarea) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mitsuru Hattori.
Arthur Woodward (18 November 1906 – 7 September 1984) was an English professional footballer. Born in Watford, Hertfordshire, Woodward spent the whole of his professional career at his hometown club.
The Submission of Prince Dipo Negoro to General De Kock (Dutch: De onderwerping van Diepo Negoro aan luitenant-generaal baron De Kock) is an oil painting on canvas painted by Nicolaas Pieneman between 1830 and 1835.
Songs for the Jet Set is the third studio album by the band Drugstore.
Arts and Technology High School, known as ATHS or ArtTech, is a public charter high school in Wilsonville, Oregon, United States.
Convém Martelar is a 1920 Brazilian silent film directed by and starring Manuel F. Araujo.
Smile, It's the End of the World is the second full-length album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson.
Hrašenski Vrh () is a small dispersed settlement above Hrastje in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.
Before the Rain is a 2010 Australian drama film, directed by Craig Boreham, Nick Clifford and CJ Johnson and written by Shirley Barrett.
Har-Ber High School is a comprehensive public high school for grades ten through twelve serving the community of Springdale, Arkansas, United States.
""" Sweet Lovin' "" is the second single from British musician Sigala."
"WVOK (1580 AM, "" Oldies 1580 "" ) is a radio station broadcasting Westwood One's Good Time Oldies satellite music format. Licensed to Oxford, Alabama, United States, the station serves the Anniston–Oxford metropolitan area."
Asha Bhat (born 5 September 1992) is an Indian model, engineer and beauty pageant titleholder from Karnataka.
Elina Kettunen (born 10 April 1981) is a Finnish former competitive figure skater. She is the 1999 Nebelhorn Trophy bronze medalist, the 2004 Finlandia Trophy bronze medalist, a three-time Nordic champion, and the 2001 Finnish national champion.
Volga-Volga (Russian: Волга-Волга) is a Soviet musical comedy directed by Grigori Aleksandrov, released on April 24, 1938.
Chiaki Omigawa (小見川 千明, Omigawa Chiaki, born November 11, 1989) is a Japanese actress and voice actress.
Aye Maung Han (Burmese: အေးမောင်ဟန်) is a Burmese paediatrician and professor, currently working as a senior consultant physician for two private hospitals in Yangon (Pun Hlaing and Shwegondaing Hospitals).
My Little Bossings (also known as Torky and My Little Bossings) is a 2013 Filipino family-comedy film directed by Marlon Rivera, starring Vic Sotto, Kris Aquino, Ryzza Mae Dizon, and Bimby Yap.
The Porsangerfjorden (; ; ) is a fjord in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway.
Leova (Russian: Леóва Yiddish: לעאָוואַ‎) is a city in Moldova, located 92 km southwest of the national capital, Chișinău.
Peter O'Grady, better known as Joy Orbison, Is an English electronic musician. His style is a coalescence of house, dubstep, UK funky, UK garage and oldschool jungle.
Pres and Teddy is a 1959 jazz studio album by The Lester Young and Teddy Wilson Quartet.
Harihar Airport (ICAO: VO52) is the small private airport serving harihar, a city in the Karnataka state of India.
Live & In the Can was the first live album released by Delirious?.
Hurricane Debra was a destructive tropical cyclone that developed during the 1959 Atlantic hurricane season.
Stary Ratyniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Sport de filles is a 2011 drama film directed by Patricia Mazuy.
Stone is a 2010 U.S. crime thriller film directed by John Curran and starring Robert De Niro, Edward Norton and Milla Jovovich.
""" Face to Face "" is a 1987 single released by Scottish alternative rock group Goodbye Mr Mackenzie."
Torben Liebrecht (born 3 December 1977) is a German actor.
Manikya Koodaram is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by George Mannur and starring Vijayakumar and Ashokan in the lead roles.
Oksovsky (Russian: Оксовский) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located 28 kilometers (17 mi) west of Plesetsk, on the right bank of the Onega River.
John Cameron Mitchell (born April 21, 1963) is an American actor, playwright, screenwriter, and director. Mitchell was born in El Paso, Texas and was raised on a variety of army bases in Kansas, Pennsylvania, New Mexico and Germany.
Nothing but the Beat is the fifth studio album by French DJ and record producer David Guetta, released on 26 August 2011.
"""Kickstarts"" is a song by British singer Example. This is the third single from Example's second album, Won't Go Quietly."
Collar of the order The Order of the Quetzal (Spanish: Orden del Quetzal) is Guatemala’s highest honor.
The Walkerton Hawks are a Junior ice hockey team based in Walkerton, Ontario, Canada.
Cape Peninsula University of Technology, a university in Cape Town, South Africa, is the only university of technology in the Western Cape province, and is also the largest university in the province, with over 32,000 students.
The Skeptic's Dictionary is a collection of cross-referenced skeptical essays by Robert Todd Carroll, published on his website skepdic.com and in a printed book.
Red Sundown is a 1956 American Western film directed by Jack Arnold and starring Rory Calhoun, Martha Hyer and Dean Jagger.
The Dudley Moore Trio is a 1969 jazz album and the fifth LP recorded by the British jazz trio led by musician, composer, actor and comedian Dudley Moore.
Fastaq () is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 167, in 67 families.
Chris Essex is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 2000s.
Software Arts was a software company founded by Dan Bricklin and Bob Frankston in 1979 to develop VisiCalc, which was published by a separate company, Personal Software Inc., later named VisiCorp.
Edith Jiménez was a distinguished Paraguayan plastic artist. She began her painting studies with the teacher Jaime Bestard in 1943.
Floriane Chinsky, was born in Paris in 1974.
The Island is a daily English-language newspaper in Sri Lanka.
Sinogóra-Rozwozinek is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"Veliky Novgorod (Russian: Вели́кий Но́вгород, IPA: [vʲɪˈlʲikʲɪj ˈnovɡərət]), also known as Novgorod the Great, or Novgorod Veliky, or just Novgorod (meaning ""newtown""), is one of the oldest and most important historic cities in Russia, with more than 1,000 years of history."
Replica Replica, released on 21 October 2006, is the debut album from Australian indie rockers, Red Riders.
In the Border States is a 1910 American drama film directed by D.
Thibbatuwawe Sri Siddhartha Sumangala Thero (born 30 May 1944) is a Sri Lankan Buddhist monk who is the present Mahanayaka Thero of the Malwatta chapter of Siam Nikaya.
Bagrianwala is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Coordinates: 29°42′28″N 95°24′06″W﻿ / ﻿29.7077°N 95.4016°W﻿ / 29.7077; -95.4016 Texas Children's Hospital (TCH) is a nationally ranked freestanding 724-bed, pediatric acute care children's hospital located in Houston, Texas.
Yasser Portuondo (born February 2, 1983) is a male volleyball player from Cuba.
The Man Without Nerves (German:Der Mann ohne Nerven) is a 1924 German silent crime film directed by Harry Piel, assisted by Gérard Bourgeois and starring Piel, Dary Holm and Albert Paulig.
Brother Voodoo (Jericho Drumm) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Jean-Baptiste-François Bompart (Lorient, 1757 — Bagnols, 1842) was a French privateer, navy officer and admiral.
Heitersheim is a town in the district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.
Khalifabad (Persian: خليفاباد‎, also Romanized as Khalīfābād) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.
Al. T. Stamatiad (common rendition of Alexandru Teodor Maria Stamatiad, or Stamatiade; May 9, 1885 – December 1955) was a Romanian Symbolist poet, short story writer, and dramatist.
Říčany (Czech pronunciation: [ˈr̝iːtʃanɪ]; German: Ritschan) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Marcella Corcoran Kennedy (born 7 January 1963) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Minister of State for Health Promotion from 2016 to 2017.
Himig Handog (Eng: Melody Offering) is a multimedia songwriting and music video competition in the Philippines based in Quezon City.
All Creatures Great and Small is a British television series based on the books of the British veterinary surgeon Alf Wight, who wrote under the pseudonym James Herriot.
Between Eleven and Midnight (French: Entre onze heures et minuit) is a 1949 French-Italian mystery film directed by Henri Decoin.
The Western Code is a 1932 American Western film directed by John P. McCarthy and starring Tim McCoy, Nora Lane, and Mischa Auer.
Matsuda was born on September 10, 1985 Shota Matsuda's Official Profile in Suginami, Tokyo, Japan, to Yūsaku Matsuda, a Japanese actor of partial Korean ancestry, and Miyuki Matsuda (née Kumagai).
Johann Timotheus Hermes (31 May 1738 – 24 July 1821) was a German poet, novelist and Protestant theologian.
The Sugar Factory is a 1999 Australian film directed by Robert Carter and Matt Day and Rhondda Findleton.
Gypsophilia is a Canadian jazz band from Nova Scotia. The band is composed of Ross Burns, Alec Frith, Nick Wilkinson (guitars), Gina Burgess (violin), Adam Fine (double bass), Matt Myer (trumpet), and Sageev Oore (piano, keyboards, accordion, melodica).
Serefedougou is a village in the Bérégadougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 765.
SmartPlanet was an online magazine that covered clean technology and information technology as it related to healthcare, science, transportation, corporate sustainability, architecture, and design.
Cherry Tomato () is a 2008 South Korean film starring Shin Goo and Kim Hyang-gi. The family drama, a directorial debut by Jung Young-bae, depicts the poverty-stricken life of an old man and his granddaughter that evokes a strong sense of sympathy and helplessness.
The Grande Prêmio do Cinema Brasileiro, more popularly known as Grande Otelo, is a Brazilian film award. It was established in 2000 as Grande Prêmio Cinema Brasil by the Ministry of Culture of Brazil that presented it in 2000 and 2001.
Wide Open Spaces is the fourth studio album and the major label debut of American country music band, the Dixie Chicks.
Liu Fendou (simplified Chinese: 刘奋斗; traditional Chinese: 劉奮斗; pinyin: Líu Fèn Dǒu) (born 1969, Beijing) is a Chinese film director, screenwriter and film producer.
"KYXK (106.9 FM, "" KIX 106.9 "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Gurdon, Arkansas, United States."
Lanre Fehintola is a British photojournalist.
Hi Honey is the third studio album by American rock and roll band Low Cut Connie.
Goharak (; also known as Gowharak) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Joseph Case High School is a 4-year public high school located in Swansea, Massachusetts, United States.
Reginald Le Borg (11 December 1902 & ndash; 25 March 1989) was an Austrian film director.
High Rolling (also called High Rolling in a Hot Corvette) is an Australian buddy comedy directed by Igor Auzins and written by Forest Redlich.
Ronald Fields (January 11, 1968 – September 4, 2001), better known by his stage name Cougnut, was an American rapper from the Lakeview neighborhood of San Francisco, California.
William Haggas is a British Thoroughbred racehorse trainer, based at Somerville Lodge stables in Newmarket, Suffolk.
Japan Is the Masterpiece, but New Too is a compilation album by the British band Japan, released in 1996 by Sony BMG.
Pharaoh is an American power metal band.
Alter Ego is a German music group, comprising Roman Flügel and Jörn Elling Wuttke.
Heart to Heart is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine and produced and distributed by the First National company.
The Federal Intelligence Agency (in Spanish: Agencia Federal de Inteligencia) also known as AFI is the principal intelligence agency of Argentina.
Sir Arthur Percy Sherwood Colonel Sir Arthur Percy Sherwood, (March 18, 1854 – October 15, 1940) was the Commissioner of Police of the Dominion Police in Canada.
from University of Pittsburgh in 1985. Megan McDonald began her career as a children's librarian, working at Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, Minneapolis Public Library, and Adams Memorial Library in Latrobe, Pennsylvania.
Southwest Jiaotong University (Chinese: 西南交通大学; pinyin: Xīnán Jiāotōng Dàxué) is located in national central city Chengdu, Sichuan Province, affiliated to the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China.
The House of Lost Identity is a collection of short stories by Donald Corley, illustrated by the author.
Roshdy (Arabic: رشدي‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.
DalawampunAPOsila is the third live album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society released in 1989 under Universal Records.
Sanai Choughade is a Marathi movie released on 20 June 2008. Produced by Deepti Shreyas Talpade and directed by Rajeev Patil.
My Life in Dog Years is a non-fiction book for children written by the American author Gary Paulsen, together with his wife, Ruth Wright Paulsen.
Alvis Hermanis (born 27 April 1965 in Riga) is a Latvian theatre director, set designer and actor.
Glanshammar is a locality situated in Örebro Municipality, Örebro County, Sweden with 727 inhabitants in 2010.
Sierra Boyera Reservoir is a reservoir in Bélmez, province of Córdoba, Andalusia, Spain.
Starcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
David Rivard (born 1953 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is an American poet.
Milenko Zablaćanski, (Serbian Cyrillic: Миленко Заблаћански), (Bogatić, Serbia, (1955-12-08)8 December 1955 — Belgrade, Serbia, (2008-01-22)22 January 2008), was a Serbian actor, director, and screenwriter.
The Grant's gazelle stands 75-95 cm (30-37 in) at the shoulder.
Friðrik Dór Jónsson (born 7 October 1988) is an Icelandic R&B and pop singer and songwriter.
Hell's Angels '69 is a 1969 Outlaw biker film directed by Lee Madden and Conny Van Dyke.
Satoshi Hida (飛弾 暁, Hida Satoshi, born April 18, 1984) is a former Japanese football player.
5 to 7 is a 2014 American romantic film written and directed by Victor Levin and starring Anton Yelchin, Bérénice Marlohe, Olivia Thirlby, Lambert Wilson, Frank Langella and Glenn Close.
Raymond Depardon (French: [də.paʁ.dɔ̃]; born 6 July 1942) is a French photographer, photojournalist and documentary filmmaker.
Juha-Matti Räsänen (born May 19, 1974) is a strongman competitor from Kuopio, Finland.
The Human Contradiction is the fourth studio album by the Dutch symphonic metal band Delain.
Bye Bye Dubai is a 2016 Indian Odia-language comedy drama film directed by Basanta Sahoo and produced by NRI businessman Akshaya Kumar Parija.
Lesley-Ann Brandt (born 2 December 1981) is a South African actress.
Mistral is a casual script typeface designed by Roger Excoffon for the Fonderie Olive type foundry, and released in 1953.
"Jaap Reesema (born 28 October 1984), professionally known as Jake Reese, is a Dutch singer-songwriter. After winning X Factor, Jake collaborated with Hardwell on his singles "" Run Wild "" and "" Mad World "" , for which he won the award for Best Vocal Performance at the 2015 IDMA's."
Andrea Cardona (born June 19, 1982) is a Guatemalan mountaineer, the first Central American woman and the Caribbean to reach the world's highest peak on Mount Everest, above sea level, and the first Latin American to complete the Adventurers Grand Slam.
Awakened is the eighth volume of the House of Night fantasy series written by American authors P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast.
Photo portrait of Theodoros Natsinas Theodoros Natsinas (; 8 July 1872 - 2 February 1949) was a Greek teacher. He was born in Siatista (), then part of the Ottoman Empire, now in Greece.
Antonela Anić (born 1 June 1985 in Bugojno, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian female professional basketball player.
""" Bridges and Walls "" is a song written by Roger Murrah and Randy VanWarmer, and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys."
Zebra is a hard rock band founded in 1975 in New Orleans, Louisiana.
WGOP (540 AM) is a radio station licensed to Pocomoke City, Maryland.
""" I Want You Back "" is the debut single by American boy band NSYNC."
Dai Fujimoto join to J2 League club; Roasso Kumamoto in 2013.
(Art collections of Fondazione Cariplo) Marco Gozzi (1759, in San Giovanni Bianco in Val Bembrana, Province of Bergamo – 1839, in Milan) was an Italian landscape art painter.
"""F. R."" David (born Elli Robert Fitoussi 1 January 1947, Menzel Bourguiba, Tunisia) is a Tunisian-born French singer. F. R. David began his career as Robert Fitoussi, a Tunisian-born singer-songwriter and guitarist with French garage band Les Trèfles."
Hugh the Black (died 952) was Duke of Burgundy from 923 until his death in 952.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex (born Rachel Meghan Markle; August 4, 1981) is an American former actress, a philanthropist, and a member of the British royal family.
Abdulrahman Hamid Mohammed Al-Hussaini is the ambassador of Iraq to Canada since 16 June 2010. http://www.gg.ca/document.aspx?id=13686.
Benjamin Seebohm Rowntree, CH (7 July 1871 – 7 October 1954) was an English sociological researcher, social reformer and industrialist.
The Cave is a play written by English novelist and artist Mervyn Peake in the mid-1950s.
DJ Tonka (born Thomas-René Gerlach on June 24, 1973 in Mainz, West Germany) is a German electronic music artist.
During his time at Stoke he is referenced by his full name to avoid confusion with another Paul Johnson who was at Stoke at the same time. Johnson was born in Stoke-on-Trent and began his career with local side Stoke City progressing to the first team in 1976.
Shootin' Injuns is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.
Jens Gunderssen (19 May 1912 & ndash; 11 December 1969) was a Norwegian singer, songwriter, actor, stage producer and theatre director.
Eulogio Sandoval (dates of birth and death unknown) is a Bolivian football midfielder who played for Bolivia in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.
Horticultural Producers' Cooperative Marketing and Processing Society, popularly known by its acronym, HOPCOMS, is a farmers' society founded in 1965 for the direct marketing of farm produces.
Ranewal, also known as Ranewal Syedan (Urdu: رانیوال سیداں‎), is a family village in the west of Jalalpur Jattan in the Gujrat District of Punjab, Pakistan.
Galija (Serbian Cyrillic: Галија; trans. The central figures of the band are brothers Nenad Milosavljević (vocals, acoustic guitar and harmonica) and Predrag Milosavljević (vocals).
"The Diamond Chariot (Russian: Алмазная Колесница, the Russian term for the ""Diamond Vehicle"" (kongōjō) school of Tantric Buddhism) is a historical mystery novel by internationally acclaimed Russian detective story writer Boris Akunin, published originally in 2003."
Hiro Nicolas Vallar (born 22 October 1983) is a footballer from Papeete, Tahiti currently playing for A.S. Central Sport. He is a member of Tahiti national football team.
"Tonight the Monkeys Die: Low Remixed is a remix album of the song ""Monkey"" from Low's 2005 album The Great Destroyer."
Greg Hrbek is an American fiction author and educator.
Donja Mahala (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Махала) is a village near Orašje in northern Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Bramdean is a village in Hampshire, England.
Eels Lake is a lake located between the Kawartha Lakes and Haliburton Highlands region of Ontario, Canada.
Susan Hart (born June 2, 1941) is an American actress, and the widow of American International Pictures (AIP) co-founder James H.
Bhadradeepam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M.
The American Embassy is an American drama series that aired on Fox from March to April 2002. The series was created by James D. Parriott, and executive produced by Danny DeVito.
Frederick Widmann (1859-1925) was a German-born American architect and philanthropist. Frederick Widmann was born in 1859 in Germany.
The Holy Spirit School of Tagbilaran, formerly referred to as Holy Spirit School, abbreviated as HSST, is a private, Catholic, secondary, sectarian, co-educational institution in Tagbilaran City, Bohol, Philippines.
The Deerslayer is a 1957 American adventure film in CinemaScope and Color by De Luxe, directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Carroll Young, Neumann and an uncredited Dalton Trumbo.
Naczęsławice [nat͡ʂɛ̃swaˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Groß Nimsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Alex Pederzoli (born 6 March 1984) is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder. Born in Piacenza, Emilia–Romagna, Pederzoli started his career with Emilia–Romagna side Bologna.
Phyllis Amanda Peterson (July 8, 1971 – July 3, 2015) was an American actress, most known for her role as Cindy Mancini in the 1987 comedy film Can't Buy Me Love.
Guntur Djafril is a professional soccer player who plays for Admiralty FC in the NFL Division 1, the second tier of football in Singapore.
Vale near Matlock Alexander Cozens (1717–1786) was a British landscape painter in watercolours, born in Russia, in Saint Petersburg.
E. Santhosh Kumar is a Malayalam writer. Andhakaranazhi, published in 2012 and recipient of 2012 Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award for Novel, is considered as one of his best.
The auditorium of the Open University campus: 97 Vo Van Tan, District 3, Ho Chi Minh City Ho Chi Minh City Open University () is a public university located in District 3, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Bombay Scottish School, Powai is a private, co-educational school located in Mumbai, India.
"Talk That Talk is an album by jazz organist Johnny ""Hammond"" Smith recorded for the New Jazz label in 1960."
Matjaž Klopčič (4 December 1934 – 15 December 2007) was a Slovenian film director and screenwriter.
Plaisance-du-Touch (Gascon: Plasença deu Toish) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Vernon, Florida is a 1981 documentary film produced and directed by Errol Morris profiling various residents living within the town of Vernon, Florida.
The Broken Eye is a 2014 epic fantasy novel by New York Times Bestselling author, Brent Weeks.
Indiana Academy also known as IA is a Seventh-day Adventist secondary school located in Cicero, Indiana, United States.
Empty is the debut studio album by American Christian rock band Tait and was the first of three solo albums released by members of dc Talk following their 2001 hiatus to work on solo projects.
The 444th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
Mártires Department is a department of Chubut Province in Argentina. The provincial subdivision has a population of about 977 inhabitants in an area of 15,445 & nbsp;km².
Blood Knights is a hack and slash action role-playing game for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 (through PlayStation Network), and Xbox 360 (through Xbox Live Arcade).
ColleGrove is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist 2 Chainz.
Tommaso Campanella OP (Italian pronunciation: [tomˈmaːzo kampaˈnɛlla]; 5 September 1568 – 21 May 1639), baptized Giovanni Domenico Campanella, was a Dominican friar, Italian philosopher, theologian, astrologer, and poet.
KROV-FM is a radio station based in San Antonio, Texas.
Golestan (Persian: گلستان‎) is an Iranian newspaper in the Fars region.
Zemio Airport (IATA: IMO, ICAO: FEFZ) is an airport serving the village of Zemio, in the Haut-Mbomou prefecture of the Central African Republic.
Letters from Three Lovers is a 1973 made-for-television drama film directed by John Erman.
Eugène Collache (29 January 1847 in Perpignan – 25 October 1883 in Paris) was French Navy officer who fought in Japan for the shōgun during the Boshin War.
Bernadette Dupont (born 6 December 1936) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France.
Dionysus in '69 is a 1970 film by Brian De Palma.
Loaf Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Wolfgang Uhlmann (born 29 March 1935) is a prominent German chess grandmaster. He was East Germany's most successful professional chess player.
""" Baby Girl "" is a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music group Sugarland."
Takeshi Mori (森 武史 or 森 たけし, Mori Takeshi, born 2 December 1959 in Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese television announcer and works for Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation.
Radio Stories (Spanish:Historias de la radio) is a 1955 Spanish comedy film composed by three episodes directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia.
Serajuddin Hossain (1 March 1929 – 10 December 1971) was a prominent Bangladeshi journalist.
Holford is a village and civil parish in West Somerset within the Quantock Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and about 10 miles (16 km) west of Bridgwater and 6 miles (10 km) east of Williton.
Ossów [ˈɔssuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Gürsu is a town and district of Bursa Province of Turkey.
Sérgio Pacheco de Oliveira, (born June 7, 1981) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Toros Neza as a midfielder.
Isamu Tajiri (田尻 敢, Tajiri Isamu, 1902 – 1966) was a Japanese physician specializing in leprosy.
Melancholic Autumn (Italian:Malinconico autunno) is a 1958 Italian-Spanish melodrama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Amedeo Nazzari, Yvonne Sanson and Mercedes Monterrey.
Ryan Stuart is a Bahamian former basketball player who is best known for his college career at the University of Louisiana at Monroe between 1991–92 and 1992–93, which was known as Northeast Louisiana University when he attended.
Christian Berkel (born 28 October 1957) is a German actor, internationally most known for Downfall, Inglourious Basterds, The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Blackcrowned is the first compilation album by Swedish black metal band Marduk.
Alexander Bonde (born 12 January 1975 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German politician for Alliance '90/The Greens and the secretary-general of the German Federal Environment Foundation (DBU).
KQOH (91.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format. Licensed to Marshfield, Missouri, United States, the station is currently owned by Catholic Radio Network, Inc.
The Ivy Council is a 501(c)3 federal tax-exempt organization of student government leaders, student organization leaders, and students at large from the colleges and universities of the Ivy League.
Niña amada mía (English: My lovely girl) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Angelli Nesma Medina for Televisa in 2003.
East Creech near Wareham East Creech is a hamlet in the county of Dorset in England.
The College of the Florida Keys (Formerly Florida Keys Community College) is a community college in Key West, Florida.
Balika Badhu (Hindi: बालिका बधू; translation: Child Bride) is a 1976 Hindi film produced by Shakti Samanta and directed by Tarun Majumdar.
John Dunning (18 April 1927 – 11 September 2009) was an English professional snooker player from Morley, West Yorkshire.
Jerry Lyne is a South Side Chicagoan, who played for, captained and coached the Loyola Ramblers men's basketball team over the course of several decades that he was affiliated with the Loyola University Chicago.
Album Title Goes Here (stylized as > album title goes here It is the last studio album by deadmau5 to be released by Ultra Records, as well as his only album to be released by Parlophone.
Karim Dridi (born 9 January 1961) is a French film director and screenwriter.
Heart to Heart is an album of jazz standards by drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1980 and released on the Japanese Denon label.
Team Sleep is an American experimental alternative rock/post-rock group led by singer/guitarist Chino Moreno.
My Sky, My Home () is a 1990 Indonesian drama film directed by Slamet Rahardjo.
Minuscule 353 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A210 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 12th century.
Annika Roloff (born 10 March 1991) is a German athlete who specialises in the pole vault.
My Hero 2 (一本漫畫闖天涯2之妙想天開) is a 1993 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Joe Chu, starring Dicky Cheung and Ng Man Tat.
Lustre is the fifth studio album from British singer-songwriter Ed Harcourt.
Kam Kardashian is an American web series written by Fawzia Mirza and Ryan Logan and directed by Logan, which premiered on February 14, 2012, via YouTube.
Banglatown Banquet is a 2006 British television drama film directed by Hettie MacDonald, written by Tanika Gupta, and stars Shabana Azmi, Shobu Kapoor and Shelly King.
100 Cupboards is a 2007 fantasy children's book by N.
The Earth Angels are a Spanish doo-wop vocal group from Barcelona, Catalonia which performs a cappella music.
"Geet (meaning "" song "" ) is a 1970 Bollywood love story and family drama directed by Ramanand Sagar."
Bagh Savya (, also Romanized as Bāgh Sāvyā; also known as Bāgh Sāybā) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Bendick Murrell is a town in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia.
Hosea Nico Kaiyamo (born 12 November 1961) is a Namibian politician and businessman who was the first Regional Councillor for the Tsumeb Constituency and a member of parliament in the National Council.
Han Feng (Chinese: 韩锋; pinyin: Hán Fēng; Mandarin pronunciation: [xǎn fə́ŋ]; born on December 5, 1983 in Shijiazhuang, Hebei) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F as a goalkeeper.
Arvid Eikevik (13 April 1935 & ndash; 1 December 2015) was a Norwegian painter.
WTHA-LP (107.1 FM) was a radio station broadcasting a Classic rock music format. Licensed to Seaside, Florida, United States, the station served the Ft. Walton Beach area.
The A10 highway is a highway in Lithuania (Magistralinis kelias). It runs from Panevėžys, bypassing Pasvalys and ends at the Latvian border.
Everette Taylor is an African-American serial entrepreneur, marketing executive and public speaker.
Welcome Home, Johnny Bristol is a 1972 television film directed by George McCowan and starring Martin Landau and Jane Alexander.
Jason Leach is an American football safety. Leach played college football at the University of Southern California.
Alan Mynett (born 5 August 1966, Barnsley, Yorkshire, England) is a former English cricketer.
Ellame En Rasathan is a 1995 Tamil drama film produced and directed by Rajkiran.
Lord Augustus FitzClarence (1 March 1805 – 14 June 1854), was the youngest illegitimate son of William IV of the United Kingdom and his long-time mistress Dorothea Jordan.
HackThisSite.org, commonly referred to as HTS, is an online hacking and security website founded by Jeremy Hammond.
{{Infobox book | name = Nowhere but Up | image = Nowhere but Up book cover.JPG | caption = | author = Pattie Mallette and A.J.
"Cool Million is an American crime drama series that aired on NBC as an element in its ""wheel series"" The NBC Wednesday Mystery Movie during its 1972-73 schedule."
The Criminal Code is a 1931 American pre-Code romantic crime drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Walter Huston and Phillips Holmes.
Sir Samuel Baker Secondary School was an only-boys boarding middle and high school before it turned to a mixed school as of 2019, located in Gulu, Gulu District in Northern Uganda.
"Warhorse was a doom metal band that formed in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1996, and released their debut album "" As Heaven Turns to Ash "" on Southern Lord Records in 2001."
Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. (born September 22, 1951) is an American journalist. Sulzberger became the publisher of The New York Times in 1992, and chairman of The New York Times Company in 1997, succeeding his father, Arthur Ochs Sulzberger.
Dream Walkin' is the fourth studio album from American country music artist Toby Keith.
Velika Ježevica is a village in the municipality of Požega, western Serbia.
Nameless Cults: The Cthulhu Mythos Fiction of Robert E. Howard is a collection of Cthulhu Mythos short stories by Robert E. Howard.
""" The Other Side "" is a song by American singer Jason Derulo, released as the lead single from his third studio album, Tattoos (2013), and its US counterpart Talk Dirty (2014)."
Anatoly Nazarenko (born 19 December 1948 in Almaty) is a Kazakhstani former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Bauerntanz zweier Kinder (also known as Italienischer Bauerntanz or Italian Folk dance) is an 1895 German short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Max Skladanowsky.
Hurricane Grace was a short-lived Category 2 hurricane that contributed to the formation of the powerful 1991 Perfect Storm.
Dennis Parlato (born March 30, 1947 in Los Angeles) is an American dancer, actor, and singer.
Cesar Manhilot (born August 1, 1962), better known by his screen name Cesar Montano, is a Filipino actor, film producer and film director.
Kaliber is a Danish rap-band from Copenhagen made up of rappers DB King and Livid rapper) and vocalists Face It and Mr. Mo.
Doug Richardson is an American screenwriter and novelist who writes action movies and thrillers.
""" Tu es toujours là "" (English: "" You're Always There "" ) is a 2002 song recorded by Australian singer Tina Arena. It was the third single from the album Just Me and was released in February 2002."
Dave Smeds is an American science fiction writer.
José Florencio Guzmán Correa (22 June 1929, Santiago, Chile – 16 September 2017) http://www.economiaynegocios.cl/noticias/noticias.asp?id=398392 was a Chilean lawyer and politician who served as Minister of National Defense from 1 August 1998 until 22 June 1999.
Sartang-e Barzeh (Persian: سرتنگ برزه‎, also known as Sar-e Tang) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Beach Boys Concert is the first live album by American rock band the Beach Boys, released on October 19, 1964.
"El Be Negre, meaning "" The Black Sheep "" in Catalan, was an illustrated satirical weekly magazine. Published in Barcelona between 1931 and 1936, its life and destiny were closely linked to those of the ill-fated Second Spanish Republic."
Afsana Pyar Ka (, , translation: The Tale of Love) is a 1991 Indian romantic drama film starring Aamir Khan and Neelam Kothari.
""" Rewind "" is a song written by Chris DeStefano, Ashley Gorley, and Eric Paslay, and recorded by American country music group Rascal Flatts."
"""MARCHROMT30A edit 2b 96"" is a song by the English electronic musician Richard D James, credited under the pseudonym Aphex Twin."
Rovshan Aliyev (Azerbaijani: Rövşən Əliyev; born 1955 in Agstafa, Azerbaijan SSR, USSR - 12 March 2002 in Baku, Azerbaijan) was an Azerbaijani criminalist and deputy chief of Prosecutor's Office Grave Crimes Investigation Department.
Martial Law is a 1991 American action/martial arts film written by Richard Brandes, produced by Kurt Anderson, directed by Steve Cohen and stars Chad McQueen, Cynthia Rothrock and David Carradine.
Jo Bang-heon (Hangul: 조방헌; born April 5, 1953), better known by his stage name, Tae Jin-ah (), is a South Korean trot singer and entertainer.
Cheng Chih-lung (born 29 August 1969) is a Taiwanese basketball coach and retired basketball player, as well as a former politician as a member of the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China.
Amitesh Shukla (born 1958) Election Commission of India State Elections 2008 is an Indian National Congress politician from Chhattisgarh, India.
Canada Di Flight (English: Flight To Canada) is a Punjabi-language film directed by Roopesh Rai Sikand, written by Manoj Sabharwal and starring Yuvraj Hans, Navraj Hans, Tarun Mehta, Shobhita Rana, Akriti Bharati, Aanushka Ramesh as the main cast.
Peter Ledger (25 October 1945 – 18 November 1994) was an Australian cartoonist, comic book artist, commercial airbrush artist, and illustrator.
Mitsuhiro Ichiki (市来 光弘, Ichiki Mitsuhiro, born January 10, 1982) is a Japanese actor and voice actor from Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
"Daggakraal, "" one of South Africa's most impoverished and isolated communities with plenty of mineral resources "" , is a town in Gert Sibande District Municipality near Volksrust in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa."
Peter Day (born 1947) is a broadcaster on BBC Radio 4 and the BBC World Service.
Giuseppe Gambarini (1680 & ndash; 11 September 1725) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active mainly in Bologna.
Laughing in the Face of a Dead Man is an EP by the post-punk band Death of Samantha, released September 1, 1986 on Homestead Records.
Rashad Atia (born ) is an Egyptian male volleyball player.
He was probably born in the Dutch city of Haarlem around 1380. St Barbara, by Claus de Werve.
Wordplay is a 2006 documentary film directed by Patrick Creadon.
Bodzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
University of Arkansas at Little Rock Andy Davis (born May 28, 1975) is a businessman from his native Little Rock, Arkansas, who is a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives for District 31 in Pulaski and Saline counties.
Malo Očijevo is a village in the municipality of Drvar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Teru Hasegawa (長谷川テル, Hasegawa Teru) (7 March 1912 – 14 January 1947) was a Japanese Esperantist, also known by her Esperanto pen name Verda Majo (green May).
Restart is the sixteenth studio album by Christian rock band the Newsboys, released on 10 September 2013 by Sparrow Records and produced by David Garcia, Seth Mosley, Joshua Silverberg, and Christopher Stevens.
The Revolution Will Not Be Televised is a compilation album by American singer and songwriter Gil Scott-Heron.
The Queen of the Tambourine is a 1991 epistolary novel by English author Jane Gardam, it won the Whitbread Prize for Best Novel that year.
It was created on June 1, 2017, taking over from the Agence métropolitaine de transport. The RTM operates Montreal's commuter rail and metropolitan bus services, and is the second busiest such system in Canada after Toronto's GO Transit.
The New York State Department of Health (NYSDOH) is the department of the New York state government responsible for public health.
The Interview: It's Not a Gimmik 2 Me is the fourth studio album by American rapper Hussein Fatal.
Module is the name under which Wellington-based New Zealand musician Jeramiah Ross has released his work since 2003. He composes and produces Downtempo, Ambient, and Classical music.
Ahmad Ali Jaber (Arabic: أحمد علي جابر‎) (born 2 August 1982 in Baghdad, Iraq) is a former Iraqi football goalkeeper.
The Atomic Bitchwax is an American rock band from New Jersey, formed in 1992 by bassist/singer/songwriter Chris Kosnik, guitarist Ed Mundell, and drummer Keith Ackerman.
Cheetah is a wooden roller coaster by Custom Coasters International, located in the African Pridelands section of the Wild Adventures theme park, in Valdosta, Georgia.
Christopher Keith Lampard (born December 20, 1945) is a former professional baseball player. Born in Warrington, Cheshire, England, to English parents, Lampard and his family emigrated to Oregon when he was three years old.
Koraće () is a village in the municipality of Brod, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Ravza Kavakçı Kan (born 30 March 1972, İstanbul) is Turkish politician, who was elected as a Justice and Development Party deputy for Istanbul on 7 June 2015.
Kaori Manabe (眞鍋 かをり, Manabe Kaori) is a Japanese talent, gravure idol and actress.
Annari Viljoen (born 16 January 1987 in Bloemfontein) is a South African badminton player.
Late Summer Blues is an award winning Israeli feature film directed by Renen Schorr, written by Doron Nesher and produced by Ilan de Vries.
We Dreamed America is a 2008 documentary film directed by Alex Walker that explores facets of the British music scene.
Yealand Storrs is a hamlet in the English county of Lancashire.
"Zu alt (German for ""too old"") is a live album by German Heavy Metal band Knorkator, released in November 2005."
Qeshlaq-e Tilandar (, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Tīlāndār) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
The Ilots du Mouillage are three small islands in New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France.
Tourist Trap is a 1979 American supernatural slasher film directed by David Schmoeller and starring Chuck Connors, Jocelyn Jones, Jon Van Ness, Robin Sherwood, and Tanya Roberts.
Rosoman (Macedonian: Росоман (help·info)) is a municipality in central North Macedonia. Rosoman Municipality is part of the Vardar Statistical Region.
Slums of Beverly Hills is a 1998 American comedy film written and directed by Tamara Jenkins, and starring Natasha Lyonne, Alan Arkin, Marisa Tomei, David Krumholtz, Kevin Corrigan, Jessica Walter and Carl Reiner.
Smite is a free-to-play, third-person multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game developed and published by Hi-Rez Studios for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox One.
Mariano Sambucetti (born 23 October 1979 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a rugby union player for Bristol in the Aviva Premiership and IPA Championship.
"J Force (sometimes referred to as ""Jayforce"") was the name given to the New Zealand forces that were allocated to the British Commonwealth Occupation Force (BCOF) which occupied Japan following the end of the Second World War."
Lee Bo-mee (이보미; born 21 August 1988), also known as Bo-mee Lee, is a South Korean professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA of Japan Tour.
The Green Man was released in 2000 and is the twenty first studio album by Roy Harper.
Niemojewiec [ɲɛmɔˈjɛvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Willem Karel Dicke (15 February 1905, Dordrecht – 27 April 1962, De Bilt) was a Dutch paediatrician who was the first to develop the gluten-free diet and to show that in coeliac disease some types of flour cause relapse.
"Ricardo López (January 14, 1975 – September 12, 1996), also known as the ""Björk stalker"", was an Uruguayan-American pest control worker who attempted to kill Icelandic musician Björk in September 1996."
Image of the Beast (1968) is a horror novel by American writer Philip José Farmer.
Jeni Le Gon and Gene Tierney in Sundown (1941) Sundown is a 1941 American black-and-white World War II film, produced by Jack Moss and Walter Wanger, directed by Henry Hathaway, and starring Gene Tierney, Bruce Cabot and George Sanders.
Román Fresnedo Siri (February 4, 1903 & ndash; June 26, 1975) was a Uruguayan architect.
Iniyum Kaanaam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Charles Ayyampally and produced by S. S. R. Thambidurai.
Kumudini Lakhia (born 17 May 1930) is an Indian Kathak dancer and choreographer based in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, where she founded Kadamb School of Dance and Music, an institute of Indian dance and music in 1967.
Szwendrowy Most [ʂfɛnˈdrɔvɨ ˈmɔst] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Christian Webster (born October 13, 1988), better known by his stage name Chris Webby, is an American rapper from Norwalk, Connecticut.
Rzewuszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Nasir Khan Afridi (Urdu: ناصر خان آفریدی‎) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2013 to May 2018.
WooCommerce is an open-source e-commerce plugin for WordPress.
Zeilsheim is a city district of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Dhikku Theriyadha Kaattil () is a 1972 Tamil-language film directed by N.
Nikolay Binev (Bulgarian: Николай Бинев; 5 July 1934 - 8 December 2003) was a Bulgarian theater and film actor.
Nana Mizuki (水樹 奈々, Mizuki Nana, born January 21, 1980) is a Japanese voice actress, singer and narrator born and raised in Niihama, Ehime.
Eindawthe (Burmese: အိမ်တော်သည်, pronounced [ʔèiɴ dɔ̀ ðɛ̀]]) was a wife of Prince Zeya Theinkha (later King Htilominlo).
Prince Frederick of the Netherlands, Prince of Orange-Nassau (full names: Willem Frederik Karel; 28 February 1797 in Berlin – 8 September 1881 in Wassenaar), was the second son of William I of the Netherlands and his wife, Wilhelmine of Prussia.
Rosina Tucker (1881–1987) was an American labor organizer, civil rights activist, and educator.
"Macht Liebe (meaning either ""Power – love"" or ""Make love"") is the eighth studio album by German pop duo Rosenstolz, released in 2002 by Polydor Records."
The Chrysanthemum and the Sword: Patterns of Japanese Culture is a 1946 study of Japan by American anthropologist Ruth Benedict.
{{Infobox book | name = Pravasam | image = | image_size = | caption = | alt = | author = M.
Dan Craig (born ) is an American basketball coach who currently serves as an assistant coach for the NBA's Miami Heat.
Slow Me Down is the seventh studio album by American country music artist Sara Evans, released in 2014 by RCA Nashville.
James Gordon Reid (8 June 1939 – 26 November 2003) was a Scottish actor.
Cora Unashamed is a 2000 American made-for-television drama film from The American Collection directed by Deborah Pratt, starring Regina Taylor and Cherry Jones.
Lövestad is a locality situated in Sjöbo Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 643 inhabitants in 2010.
On the Way of Resurrection (Arabic: فِي سَبِيلِ البعث, Fi Sabil al Baath) is a political literature book written by Michel Aflaq, one of the founders of Ba'athism.
Best Air was an airline of Bangladesh with both domestic and international destination, a subsidiary of Best Aviation.
Dover High School is a high school located in Dover, Delaware.
The Soldier's Just Came Back is the fifth live album by the Japanese band Loudness.
Koszówka [kɔˈʂufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Big Shot Chronicles is Game Theory's third full-length album, released in 1986.
Symfonia was a short-lived symphonic power metal supergroup formed in 2010 by Andre Matos (vocals), Timo Tolkki (guitars), Jari Kainulainen (bass), Mikko Härkin (keyboards) and Uli Kusch (drums).
Jerry Dexter (April 18, 1935 – June 21, 2013) was an American actor and voice actor best known for playing teenage boys and young men in animated television series for Hanna-Barbera Productions from the late 1960s to the 1980s.
""" The Caretaker "" is the sixth episode of the eighth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who."
Fahrija Dautbegović (born 15 November 1943) is a retired Bosnian-Herzegovinian football goalkeeper. Best known for his six years with NK Dinamo Zagreb where he was a member of the starting lineup between 1967 and 1972, he was also capped twice for Yugoslavia.
Dan Frost (born 22 May 1961 in Frederiksberg, Hovedstaden) is a retired male track cyclist from Denmark, who won the gold medal for his native country in the men's points race at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
Folkmusik för folk som inte kan bete sig som folk is the fifth studio album by bob hund, released in 2009.
""" Freek-a-Leek "" is an American hip hop song co-written and recorded by American rapper Petey Pablo. It was released in December 2003 as the second single from his second album Still Writing in My Diary: 2nd Entry."
Frequently Asked Questions About Time Travel (stylised as FAQ About Time Travel) is a 2009 comic science fiction film directed by Gareth Carrivick from a script by Jamie Mathieson, starring Chris O'Dowd, Dean Lennox Kelly, Marc Wootton, and Anna Faris.
Mihai Volontir (9 March 1934 – 11 September 2019) was a Soviet and Moldovan actor.
Call Me Kuchu is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Malika Zouhali-Worrall and Katherine Fairfax Wright.
Catherine DeVrye is a Canadian born Australian author of 8 best selling non-fiction books and a former Australian Executive Woman of the Year winner.
Uair (Air Euroamerica SA) was an airline based in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Gregory Reinhart (born June 18, 1951 in Pavilion, New York) is an American bass opera singer.
Snake Rag is a 1923 Dixieland jazz standard composed by Joseph Oliver of King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band.
Martin Starkie (1922–2010) was an English actor, writer and director for theatre, radio and television.
Raciborowice Dolne [rat͡ɕibɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Abigail Garner (born 1975 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American author and advocate for children with LGBT parents.
Ariel Motor Company Ltd is a low-volume performance motor vehicle manufacturing company in Crewkerne, in Somerset, England. Founded by Simon Saunders in 1991 as Solocrest Ltd.
Stefan Glogovac (born June 13, 1994) is a Bosnian professional basketball player who last played for OKK Spars Sarajevo of the ABA League Second Division and the Bosnian League.
Eskelabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان اسكل آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
"Suzuki-gun (鈴木軍, Suzukigun, literally translated to ""Suzuki Army"") is a villainous professional wrestling stable in the New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) promotion."
Leo Martinez (born March 7, 1950), is a Filipino actor, comedian and director.
Of Life and Love () is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Aldo Fabrizi, Giorgio Pastina, Mario Soldati and Luigi Zampa.
Arif Zakaria is an Indian actor.
Andrew McCollum (born September 4, 1983) is an American angel investor and businessman.
As Aventuras de Gregório is a 1920 Brazilian comedy film directed by Luiz de Barros.
Kamome Island (鷗島, Kamome Jima) is an island (or more precisely, peninsula) in the Sea of Japan just off the coast of the town of Esashi, Hokkaidō, Japan.
Cady McClain (born Katie Jo McClain; October 13, 1969) is an American actress, singer, and author.
Victoria Joyce Ely (September 12, 1889 – May 12, 1979) was an American nurse who served in World War I in the Army Nurse Corps and then provided nursing services in the Florida Panhandle in affiliation with the American Red Cross.
The Coming Collapse of China is a book by Gordon G. Chang, published in 2001, in which he argues that the Communist Party of China is the root cause of many of the People's Republic of China's problems and will cause its collapse in the near future.
The Hound of the Baskervilles (a.k.a. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's The Hound of the Baskervilles ) is a 1983 British made-for-television mystery thriller film directed by Douglas Hickox, starring Ian Richardson as Sherlock Holmes and Donald Churchill as Dr. John H. Watson.
The County of Gawler is one of the 49 cadastral counties of South Australia.
Keperveyem (; Chukchi: ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Bilibinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin.
"Halberstadt was born and raised in Offenbach am Main, Germany, and was Jewish. "" Hans Halberstadt at the 1928 Olympics, "" West Coast Fencing Archive."
Mleczno [ˈmlɛt͡ʂnɔ] (German: Mlitsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Although Stovall is unincorporated, it has a ZIP code of 38614. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Stovall, Mississippi.
Timoteij during Melodifestivalen 2010. The group originally consisted of four women, Cecilia Kallin, Bodil Bergström, Elina Thorsell and Johanna Pettersson, all born in 1991.
Karl Liebenberg (born 22 October 1947) is a former South African cricket umpire.
Hillwood Academic Day School The non-denominational school is located at 2521 Scott Street in San Francisco's Pacific Heights neighborhood.
Lakshmi is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J.
The National Technology Council (Urdu: قومی فنی انجمن‎; acronym NTC) is an accreditation body under the administrative control of Higher Education Commission (Pakistan).
Britain's Secret Treasures is a British documentary shown on ITV hosted by Michael Buerk and Bettany Hughes.
Lena: The Bride of Ice is a 2008 British drama film that was directed by Polly Steele.
Tryphon or Trypho (Greek: Τρύφων, gen.: Τρύφωνος; c. 60 BC – 10 BC) was a Greek grammarian who lived and worked in Alexandria.
The Vetter Fairing Company was a manufacturer of motorcycle accessories including the Windjammer series of motorcycle fairings. The business was founded by Craig Vetter in 1966, sold in 1978, and went bankrupt in 1983.
José Aranguren (1875 – April 22, 1939) was a Republican general during the Spanish Civil War. He was from A Coruña.
Budapest Aircraft Service Ltd. or BASe Airlines (Hungarian: Budapest Aircraft Service Kft. or BASe Kft), is a Hungarian airline based in Budapest, Hungary.
Alex Brock (born Alexander von Brockdorff), is a British actor, film-maker and former British Army Officer.
Isao Okawa (大川 功, Ōkawa Isao) (May 19, 1926 – March 16, 2001) was a Japanese businessman and the former Chairman of Sega.
The Allenby Street bus bombing was a suicide bombing that occurred on September 19, 2002 on a Dan bus in the center of Tel Aviv's business district.
Babulal Sethia DL is a Consultant Cardiac Surgeon at the Royal Brompton and Harefield NHS Trust. He was President of the Royal Society of Medicine from 2014-2017.
Vărzărești is a commune in Nisporeni District, Moldova.
Infanta Adelgundes, Duchess of Guimarães (10 November 1858 – 15 April 1946) was the fifth child and fourth daughter of Miguel of Portugal and his wife Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg.
Ubowice [ubɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielowieś, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Harvey Helm (December 2, 1865 – March 3, 1919) was a United States Representative from Kentucky. He was born in Danville, Kentucky.
Mainpur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal.
The Burned Barns () is a 1973 French drama film directed by Jean Chapot.
Phoenicia (Arabic: فينيسيا‎ pronounced féniisya in Arabic) was a Montreal-based Canadian Lebanese / pan-Arab publication that started in December 2003 as a weekly newspaper.
Wolfblade is a fantasy novel written by Australian author Jennifer Fallon.
Lower Learning is a 2008 American comedy film starring Jason Biggs, Eva Longoria, Rob Corddry, Ryan Newman, Monica Potter, and Andy Pessoa. It was directed by Mark Lafferty, and written by Lafferty and Shahin Chandrasoma.
Seph Lawless is the pseudonym of an American photographer who has documented urban decay and abandoned spaces in the United States.
Lyon Sprague de Camp (/ˌspreɪɡdəˈkæmp/; 27 November 1907 – 6 November 2000), better known as L. Sprague de Camp, was an American writer of science fiction, fantasy and non-fiction.
Juan de Urteaga, O.S.H. (died 1540) was a Roman Catholic prelate who was appointed the first Bishop of Chiapas (1539–1540).
Ants in the Pantry is the 12th short film released by Columbia Pictures in 1936 starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Curly Howard).
"Live World Tour: Catch Me in Seoul (printed as TVXQ! The 4th World Tour "" Catch Me in Seoul "" ) is a live album by South Korean pop duo TVXQ."
El Ashash (Arabic: القشاش‎) is a 2013 Egyptian drama film written by Mohamed Samir Mabrouk, produced by Walid Al Kurdi, and directed by Ismael Farouk.
Isabelle Devaluez (born 17 March 1966 in Grenoble, Isère) is a retired female discus thrower from France, who competed in the discus contest at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
Antonów [anˈtɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przystajń, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Dolinsky District (Russian: До́линский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion) of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia; one of the seventeen in the oblast.
Nowa Zagość is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
In Just Hours is a Ugandan short drama film written and directed by Usama Mukwaya.
Ashmith Kunder is an Indian film editor, ad film maker, film producer and an actor.
Sonamukhi is a city and a municipality in the Bishnupur subdivision of the Bankura district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Good for Nothing (Italian: Buoni a nulla) is a 2014 comedy film written and directed by Gianni Di Gregorio.
KOBB (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Bozeman, Montana, United States.
Eino Tamberg (27 May 1930 – 24 December 2010) was an Estonian composer. Tamberg was born in Tallinn.
Tomoyuki Dan (檀 臣幸, Dan Tomoyuki, August 6, 1963 – October 10, 2013) was a Japanese actor and voice actor from Osaka Prefecture.
The SCAT (Società Ceirano Automobili Torino) was an Italian automobile manufacturer from Turin, founded in 1906 by Giovanni Battista Ceirano.
Pop 'til You Drop! is the third studio album by Swedish pop group A-Teens, released in 2002 exclusively for the U.S. market.
The Last Boy Scout is a 1991 American buddy action comedy film directed by Tony Scott, starring Bruce Willis, Damon Wayans, Chelsea Field, Noble Willingham, Taylor Negron and Danielle Harris.
Lucas de Groot (born 21 June 1963 in Noordwijkerhout, the Netherlands), known professionally as Luc(as) de Groot, is a Dutch type designer.
Glam God with Vivica A. Fox is an American reality television show hosted by Vivica A.
The Greatest Hits Collection is a compilation album released by Bananarama which features their single releases and greatest hits.
Ragna Thiis Stang (15 September 1909 & ndash; 29 March 1978) was a Norwegian historian and museum administrator. She was born in Kristiania (now Oslo), Norway.
Infante Luís of Portugal, Duke of Beja (3 March 1506, in Abrantes – 27 November 1555, in Marvila, in Lisbon) was the second son of King Manuel I of Portugal and his second wife Maria of Aragon (the third daughter of the Catholic Monarchs).
Castle Court School is a co-educational, preparatory school located near the village of Corfe Mullen in the county of Dorset, England.
Kabala Airport (IATA: KBA, ICAO: GFKB) is a general aviation municipal airport and heliport located in Kabala, Sierra Leone.
The University of Science and Technology of Togo () is a private university in West Africa whose headquarters are in Lomé, the capital of Togo.
B-24D-5-CO Liberator 41-23819 lost on the 14 May 1943 mission to Kiel, Germany The 68th Missile Squadron (68 MS) is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
Bojan Trajkovski (; born September 11, 1986) is a Macedonian professional basketball player who plays for Pelister of the Macedonian First League.
Stephane & 3G (Georgian: სტეფანე და 3G) are a Georgian pop group consisting of members: Stephane Mgebrishvili, Nini Badurashvili, Tamara Gachechiladze and Kristine Imedadze.
Horní Řepčice () is a village and municipality (obec) in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
Double Dragon Neon is a 2012 video game in the Double Dragon series of beat 'em up games.
Shortcut Romeo is an Indian action crime thriller film directed and produced by Susi Ganeshan, under the banner of Susi Ganesh Productions.
Margarita Mkrtchyan (Russian: Маргарита Гегамовна Мкртчян; 6 April 1981 in Voronezh – 11 July 2013) was a Russian taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the women's featherweight category.
"Inamorata is a 2004 novel by American novelist and screenwriter Joseph Gangemi. ""."
The Lesotho Girl Guides Association (LGGA) is the national Guiding organization of Lesotho.
The Good Psychopath's Guide to Success is a self-help book co-authored by the British authors Dr. Kevin Dutton and Andy McNab.
Ramazan Şahin (born Ramzan Irbaikhanov, , on 8 July 1983) is a Russian-Turkish freestyle wrestler of Chechen descent.
WVUD (91.3 FM) is a non-commercial educational FM radio station owned by University of Delaware and licensed to serve Newark, Delaware.
The Dancer from Tanagra () is a 1920 German silent film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Fritz Alten, Hella Moja and Josef Reithofer.
Eleanor, Duchess of Gloucester (née Cobham; c.1400 – 7 July 1452), was a mistress and the second wife of Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester.
The Arsonist (Malay: Kaki bakar) is a 1995 Malaysian drama film directed by U-Wei Haji Saari based on the 1939 short story Barn Burning by William Faulkner.
"Le Bateau ( "" The Boat "" ) is a paper-cut from 1953 by Henri Matisse."
Karthik Sivakumar (born 25 May 1977), better known by his stage name Karthi, is an Indian film actor who works primarily in Tamil cinema.
Fran Rubel Kuzui is an American film director and producer.
Schematics is the third studio album by the American pop rock band Zolof the Rock & Roll Destroyer.
Toireasa Gallagher née Ryan (born 24 June 1980) is an Australian cyclist.
Arthur Shirley (31 August 1886 – 24 November 1967) was an Australian actor, writer, producer and director of theatre and film.
Peter Mertens (born 17 December 1969) is a Belgian author and politician of the Workers' Party of Belgium (PVDA-PTB).
""" Dirty Old Man "" is a single by American country music artist George Hamilton IV."
Castle Falkenstein is a steampunk-themed fantasy role-playing game (RPG) designed by Mike Pondsmith and originally published by R. Talsorian Games in 1994.
Githead is a musical collaboration that includes Wire's Colin Newman as well as electronic musician Robin Rimbaud (Scanner) alongside Minimal Compact members Malka Spigel and Max Franken.
Ebony Weidenbach (born 3 March 1991) is an Australian association footballer who played for Australian W-League team Adelaide United.
Sesso e volentieri is a 1982 Italian anthology-comedy film directed by Dino Risi.
Ini Ellam Sugame is a 1998 Tamil romance film directed by A.
Tony Dreyfus (born January 9, 1939 in Paris) was a member of the National Assembly of France from 1997 to 2012.
François-Séraphin Régnier-Desmarais (13 August 1632, Paris - 6 September 1713, Paris) was a French ecclesiastic, grammarian, diplomat and poet in French, Spanish and Latin.
"B.U.G. Mafia (an abbreviation for ""Bucharest Underground Mafia""), is a Romanian hip hop group from Pantelimon, Bucharest, widely regarded as one of the seminal acts of gangsta rap in Romania."
The Douglas DC-4E was an American experimental airliner that was developed before World War II.
Ștefan Procopiu (Romanian pronunciation: [ʃteˈfan prokoˈpi.u]; January 19, 1890 – August 22, 1972) was a Romanian physicist.
Jochen Claussen-Finks is a German designer, photographer and filmmaker.
Trudovo is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš, western Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 92 people.
4RO is an AM radio station broadcasting to Central Queensland from Rockhampton, Queensland on 990 kHz.
Juozapas Skvireckas (1873–1959) was a Lithuanian archbishop of Kaunas (1926–1959).
Mundadugu () is a 1983 Telugu drama film produced by D. Rama Naidu of Suresh Productions and directed by K.
Mark Firth (25 April 1819 – 28 November 1880) was an English industrialist and philanthropist. Firth was born in Sheffield, the son of Thomas Firth (1789–1850), of Pontefract, York, and Mary Loxley.
Franz Rauch (1878–1960) was a German screenwriter and actor.
Terje Bjørklund (born 2 January 1945 in Narvik, Norway) is a jazz pianist and composer.
Charles McCrum (born 8 December 1964 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish former cricketer.
Secret Plans () is a 2014 Chinese animated film directed by He Cheng.
"""Lean Back"" is a song by American hip hop group Terror Squad. It was released as the second single from their second studio album, True Story, on June 8, 2004."
Coordinates: 46°31′5″N 6°35′49″E﻿ / ﻿46.51806°N 6.59694°E﻿ / 46.51806; 6.59694 The International Olympic Committee (IOC; French: Comité international olympique, CIO) is a non-governmental sports organisation based in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Ab Qorqoru (Persian: اب قرقرو‎, also Romanized as Āb Qorqorū) is a village in Paskhan Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.
Ali Gabr Gabr Mossad (; born 1 January 1989) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Pyramids and the Egyptian national team as a centre-back.
Minnie and Moskowitz is a 1971 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by John Cassavetes, and starring his wife Gena Rowlands and actor Seymour Cassel in the title roles of Minnie and Moskowitz, respectively.
Millard South High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Omaha, Nebraska, United States.
Pachiyur is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census, Pachiyur had a total population of 1340 with 664 males and 676 females.
François Villiers (2 March 1920 & ndash; 29 January 2009) Chevalier of the Legion of Honor was a French film director.
Brad Allen is an American football official in the National Football League (NFL) since the 2014 NFL season, wearing uniform number 122.
"The Overlook Press is an American publishing house based in New York, New York, that considers itself ""a home for distinguished books that had been 'overlooked' by larger houses""."
Mono is the eighth studio album by American country music band The Mavericks.
Trimble High School (THS) is a public high school in Glouster, Ohio, located in Athens County in southeast Ohio.
Andrew Waggoner (born November 10, 1960 in New Orleans) is an American composer and violinist.
Michael Wening (11 July 1645 – 18 April 1718) was a Bavarian engraver who is known for his many depictions of important places in the Bavaria of his day, including cityscapes and views of stately homes, castles and monasteries.
Muhammad Ijaz-ul-Haq (Urdu: محمد اعجاز الحق‎; born 20 February 1952) is a Pakistani politician who is the leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (Z).
""" We Can't Stop "" is a song by American singer Miley Cyrus, from her fourth studio album Bangerz (2013)."
KSMQ-TV, virtual channel 15 (UHF digital channel 20), is a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member television station licensed to Austin, Minnesota, United States.
Bleeker, formerly known as Bleeker Ridge, are a Canadian rock band from Orillia, Ontario, consisting of Taylor Perkins, Cole Perkins, Mike Vandyk and Chris Dimas.
Aram Ramazyan (, born December 6, 1978 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired amateur boxer from Armenia.
Charter S 1281 dated 904, grant of Bishop Werferth to his reeve, Wulfsige Werferth was an English bishop of Worcester.
Nazareth Elementary is a private co-educational Catholic school teaching grades Pre-K through Grade 6 in Rochester, New York, USA. Nazareth Academy was founded by the Sisters of Saint Joseph in 1871.
Hello, Sister! is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Alan Crosland, Erich von Stroheim, Raoul Walsh, and Alfred L.
Keeper of the Castle is an album by R&B group the Four Tops, released in 1972.
Abner Oakes III (born February 13, 1934) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player and coach who spent his entire athletic career with Dartmouth.
Ödland is a French band from Lyon consisting of composer-songwriter Lorenzo Papace, and sisters Alizée Bingöllü (on vocals) and Léa Bingöllü (on violin).
"WMRN (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news talk information format. Licensed to Marion, Ohio, United States, (""MRN"" stands for Marion Radio News) the station serves the Mid-Ohio area."
"Esfandiar Monfaredzadeh (Persian: اسفندیار منفردزاده‎, also Romanized as ""Esfandiyār Monfaredzādeh""; born 1941 in Tehran) is an Iranian pioneer film composer, songwriter, and filmmaker."
Elf Power is an American indie rock band that originated in Athens, Georgia, United States.
Lakeshore High School is a public high school in unincorporated St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, north of Mandeville, Louisiana, U.S.A. Lakeshore High School receives the students from Monteleone Junior High School.
Marc Leishman (born 24 October 1983) is an Australian professional golfer who currently plays on the PGA Tour.
Leskovec v Podborštu () is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.
Eltham Foundation School converted to academy status in September 2012 under the sponsorship of the Harris Federation and was renamed Harris Academy Greenwich.
Larry Reithmaier (born 28 May 1921 in Chicago, Illinois) was an American engineer and author.
Kołaki Wielkie [kɔˈwaki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Rahim Shahriari (Persian: رحیم شهریاری‎, Azerbaijani: Rəhim Şəhyriyari) is an Iranian popular songwriter and singer born in Shamqazan district of Tabriz, Iran in 1970.
Scott Ramon Seguro Mescudi (born January 30, 1984), better known by his stage name Kid Cudi (; often stylized as KiD CuDi), is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, musician, record producer and actor from Cleveland, Ohio.
Julian Fauth is a Canadian blues pianist, singer and songwriter.
Dunc Breaks the Record is the sixth novel in the Culpepper Adventures series by Gary Paulsen.
Castle of Dreams is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Wilfred Noy and starring Mary Odette, Fred Groves and Gertrude McCoy.
Simris is a locality situated in Simrishamn Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 211 inhabitants in 2010.
Alvin H. Culver (March 9, 1873 – July 17, 1955) was an American football player and coach.
Storyteller is an album by pianist Marilyn Crispell, bassist Mark Helias, and drummer Paul Motian recorded in 2003 and released on the ECM label.
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco (born February 16, 1982), better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco (/ˈluːpeɪ/ LOO-pay), is an American rapper, record producer, entrepreneur, and activist.
María Corda (Mária Antónia Farkas, 4 May 1898 in Déva, Hungary (now Deva, Romania) & ndash; 15 February 1976 in Thônex, Switzerland) was a Hungarian actress and a star of the silent film era in Germany and Austria.
Salman bin Sultan Al Saud (born 1976) is the former assistant secretary general of the Saudi Arabian National Security Council for intelligence and security affairs as well as the former deputy defense minister.
Nader al-Masri (; born January 26, 1980) is a Palestinian Olympic athlete from Beit Hanoun in the Gaza Strip.
Zack Schilawski (born April 15, 1987 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American former soccer player who last played for Carolina RailHawks in the North American Soccer League.
"La gitanilla (""the little Gypsy girl"") is a 1940 Spanish drama film directed by Fernando Delgado."
Charnel House is a horror fiction publishing house, specializing in limited edition books noted for their craftsmanship.
Grand Theft Auto IV is a 2008 action-adventure game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games.
Anju Chadha is an Indian biochemist.
John F. Kennedy High School is a public, four-year high school and International Baccalaureate (IB) World School in the city of La Palma, California.
Florin Mina (July 3, 1959 & ndash; 2006) was a Romanian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Spencer Sautu (born 5 October 1994) is a Zambian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.
Far Q is the debut studio album by British rock band Lower Than Atlantis.
Lucky Devils is a 1941 film from director Lew Landers.
Yūji Aoki (Japanese: 青木 雄二, Hepburn: Aoki Yūji, June 9, 1945 – September 5, 2003) was a Japanese manga artist born in Fukuchiyama, Kyoto, Japan.
Pioneers of American Freedom: Origin of Liberal and Radical Thought in America is a book by the German anarcho-syndicalist Rudolf Rocker about the history of liberal, libertarian, and anarchist thought in the United States.
Astra Goldmane (also Astra Goldman; born June 24, 1956) is a former Latvian chess player. Astra Ozolain was born in Riga, Latvia.
Pasanga (Tamil: பசங்க; English: Kids) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language children's comedy film directed by Pandiraj.
Love is a 2012 Taiwanese-Chinese romance film directed and co-written by Doze Niu.
Georg Martin Adolf von Henselt (9 or 12 May 1814 – 10 October 1889) was a German composer and virtuoso pianist. Henselt was born at Schwabach, in Bavaria.
Steven Gray (born April 8, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Peristeri of the Greek Basket League.
The Peril Formation is a geologic formation in British Columbia.
British Summertime is a science fantasy novel by Paul Cornell, first published by Gollancz in 2002.
Augustus Frederick Sherman (1865–1925) worked as a clerk at Ellis Island in the years 1892–1925. He was an untrained, yet highly gifted photographer who created hundreds of images documenting the new arrivals to America.
Franciszek Duszeńko (6 April 1925 – 11 April 2008) was a Polish sculptor, professor of the Academy of Fine Arts in Gdańsk and its Rector in the years 1981–87.
Douglas Niles (born December 1, 1954, in Brookfield, Wisconsin) is a fantasy author and game designer.
Chapter One: Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation album released in 2002 by rapper Jay-Z.
Kristian Gullichsen (born 29 September 1932, in Helsinki) is a Finnish architect.
No Te Olvides de la Banda (Don't Forget About the Band) (2002) is the nineteenth studio album by Mexican Rock, Blues band El Tri.
The Living Ladder (Dutch: De Levende Ladder) is a 1913 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger and Louis H. Chrispijn.
XHUAEM-FM is a radio station serving Cuernavaca, Morelos.
George Fanto (1911–2000) was a Hungarian-born cinematographer.
Belvata is a census town in Mysore district in the state of Karnataka, India. As of 2001[update] India census, Belvata had a population of 5627.
Raiders of the Lost Car Park is a novel by British author Robert Rankin.
Hedenäset () is a locality situated in Övertorneå Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 270 inhabitants in 2010.
Hans-Dieter Lange (20 June 1926 – 18 May 2012) was a German TV journalist and anchorman of the East German newscast Aktuelle Kamera.
Satellite is the second album by Welsh progressive rock band Panic Room.
Haciendo El Amor Con La Ropa is a reggaeton studio album released by Speedy on January 17, 2001.
A Love to Hide (French title: Un amour à taire) is a French film made for television, directed by Christian Faure, which aired in 2005.
Toéssin, Zoungou is a village in the Zoungou Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso.
Jimmie Don Aycock (born November 4, 1946) is a former member of the Texas House of Representatives.
The Tosca Tango Orchestra is a joint effort between various Austin, Texas based musicians. Founded by Glover Gill in collaboration with The Tosca String Quartet, Luis Guerra and Jeanine Attaway in 1997.
Abdullahi Mustapha (born 1 February 1948) is a Nigerian Professor of Medicinal Chemistry and former Vice Chancellor of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria.
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Averyanov (; born 27 November 1989) is a former Russian professional football player. He played in the Russian Football National League for FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg in 2010.
Anne Randall (born Barbara Burrus; September 23, 1944) is an American model and actress. She was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its May 1967 issue.
Isabelle Ithurburu (born February 24, 1983) is a French sports journalist and television presenter.
Leandros Lillis (, born 13 September 1996) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Ermis Aradippou as a midfielder.
At the Edge of the City () is a 1953 Italian crime film drama directed by Carlo Lizzani.
Václav Milík Jr. (born 22 May 1993) Świat Żużla, No 1 (81) 2010, page 76, is a speedway rider who ride for Czech Republic U-21 national team.
Rude is a 1995 Canadian crime film directed by Clement Virgo.
WZET (92.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Hormigueros, Puerto Rico, United States, the station serves the Western Puerto Rico area.
Pedro Guilherme-Moreira (born 1969) is a Portuguese lawyer and novelist.
""" A Minute and a Half "" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings."
Eastbridge Windpump is a smock mill at the Museum of East Anglian Life, Stowmarket, Suffolk, England which has been restored to working order.
Hurghada International Airport (IATA: HRG, ICAO: HEGN) is the international airport of Hurghada in Egypt.
John Taylor VC, CGM (1822 – 25 February 1857) was a sailor in the Royal Navy and an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Spectrum is the debut album by electronic musician Jega, released in 1998 on Planet Mu.
"Edna Moscelyne Larkin Jasinski (January 14, 1925 – April 25, 2012) was one of the ""Five Moons"", Native American ballerinas from Oklahoma who gained international fame in the 20th century."
The Bearded Slave (Italian: Schiavo barbuto) is a marble sculpture by Michelangelo datable to around 1525–1530 and kept in the Galleria dell'Accademia in Florence.
The Sidewinder is a 1964 album by the jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan, recorded at the Van Gelder Studio in Englewood, New Jersey, U.S.
The Nuova Camorra Organizzata (Italian: New Organized Camorra) was an Italian Camorra criminal organization founded in the late 1970s by a Neapolitan Camorrista, Raffaele Cutolo, in the region of Campania.
Jane's Attack Squadron is a 2002 combat flight simulator developed by Looking Glass Studios and Mad Doc Software and published by Xicat Interactive.
Naim Ulmasov (Tajik: Наим Ӯлмасов; born 26 April 1992) is a Tajikistani football player who last played for FC Istiklol, and the Tajikistan national football team.
Legal View with Ashleigh Banfield is a daytime news program on CNN that focused on legal stories.
Call Me King is a 2015 American action crime drama written, produced and directed by R.L.
Khori Dastoor is an American operatic soprano and actress. A native of Pasadena, California, she was a resident artist with Opera San José from 2007-2010.
WEMJ (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a top 40/CHR format. Licensed to Laconia, New Hampshire, United States, the station is owned by Binnie Media and licensed to WBIN Media Co., Inc. WEMJ features programming from CBS News Radio.
The 24 Hour Woman is a 1999 film directed and co-written by Nancy Savoca.
Bridgehampton Union Free School District is a public school district located in the Town of Southampton on Long Island, in Suffolk County, New York, United States.
Gandu is an Indian black-and-white art drama film directed by Qaushiq Mukherjee.
Xenia Seeberg (birthname Anke Wesenberg, born 4 April 1967 in Geldern, West Germany) is a film and television actress.
Sri Rama Rajyam is a 2011 Indian Telugu epic devotional film, produced by Yalamanchali Sai Babu under Sri Sai Baba Movies banner and directed by Bapu.
Holy Trinity Church, Goodramgate, York is a Grade I listed former parish church in the Church of England in York and is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
Wiadrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
James Barbour (February 26, 1828 – October 29, 1895) was a Virginia lawyer, planter, politician and Confederate officer.
Richard Tahuora Himona (7 September 1905 & ndash; 7 August 1984) was a New Zealand farmer and community leader.
Call of the Yukon is a 1938 American action/adventure film produced and released by Republic Pictures, directed by John T. Coyle and B. Reeves Eason and starring Richard Arlen and Beverly Roberts.
The Crime of Sylvestre Bonnard (French: Le crime de Sylvestre Bonnard) is a 1929 French silent drama film directed by André Berthomieu and starring Émile Matrat, Thérèse Kolb and Gina Barbieri.
Immortality () is a novel in seven parts, written by Milan Kundera in 1988 in Czech.
Andreas Cederholm (born 4 May 1990) is a Swedish handball player for GWD Minden and the Swedish national team.
The Kreyenhagen Shale is a geologic formation in California.
Edward John Lewis (5 December 1859 – 8 June 1925) was a Welsh medical doctor and international rugby union half-back who played club rugby for Llandovery College and international rugby for Wales.
Tribić is a village in the municipality of Livno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Dale Hill Golf Club is a private golf club in Wadhurst, East Sussex, in England.
Kotayk (), formerly known as Yelgovan, is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.
Izegrim is a Dutch metal band from Zutphen, Netherlands, founded in 1996 by guitarist Jeroen Wechgelaer (ex-Deluzion) and drummer Joep van Leeuwen (ex-Solstice).
KITZ (1400 AM) is a radio station featuring a News/Talk format. Licensed to Silverdale, Washington, United States, it serves the Puget Sound Region.
Suze-la-Rousse is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France situated in the heart of the Rhône Valley vineyards Suze-la-Rousse is located 10 km (6.2 mi) southeast of Saint-Paul-Trois-Châteaux and 18 km (11 mi) north of Orange.
Datchworth is a village and civil parish between the towns of Hertford, Stevenage and Welwyn Garden City in the county of Hertfordshire, England.
"The Thugs was a professional wrestling tag team that consisted of ""The Dirty White Boy"" Tony Anthony and Tracy Smothers."
SunRiver Data Systems was a division of SunRiver Corporation, a private company founded in 1986 in Jackson, Mississippi by four electrical engineers (Ronnie Hughes, Bill Long, Kester Rice, and Gerald Youngblood), all former employees of Diversified Technology, Inc.
Pignon Airport is an airport serving Pignon, a city in the Nord Department of Haiti.
Opacz [ˈɔpat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Nick Markham chairs London & Continental Railways and Inview Technology Ltd and is a Non-Executive Director of Inchora Limited.
Chikkabudanur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Shin Ji-soo (born October 28, 1985) is a South Korean actress and singer.
Il comune senso del pudore is a 1976 Italian comedy film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
Andrea Montermini (born 30 May 1964) is an Italian racing driver.
Avant que l'ombre... à Bercy is the fourth live album by Mylène Farmer, released on 4 December 2006.
"WQLF (102.1 FM; ""Q102"") is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format. Licensed to Lena, Illinois, the station serves the Freeport, Illinois area, and is owned by Big Radio."
Marie Woolfolk Taylor (December 18, 1893 - November 9, 1960) was one of the sixteen founders of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, the first sorority founded by African-American women.
Adam Zejer (born 3 November 1963 in Olsztyn) is a retired Polish professional footballer who played for Zagłębie Lubin, Stomil Olsztyn, Beşiktaş J.K., and Gaziantepspor.
Central Hindu Boys School aka C.H.S is a boys secondary school (day school with hostel facility) in Kamachha, Bhelupur, Varanasi.
In 2012, Cameron became the first person to perform a solo descent to the bottom of the Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the Earth's ocean, in the Deepsea Challenger submersible.
Young & Reckless is Dirty Penny's second and final album, released on September 17, 2009.
Swami and Friends is the first of a trilogy of novels written by R.
Graghanam (English: Eclipse) is an unreleased Tamil supernatural crime thriller film directed by Elan and produced by Big Print Pictures Production.
The British Free Corps (German: Britisches Freikorps; BFC) was a unit of the Waffen-SS of Nazi Germany during World War II, made up of British and Dominion prisoners of war who had been recruited by Germany.
Patrizio Donati (1588 – 31 August, 1666) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Minori (1639–1648).
Josef Schicklgruber (born July 21, 1967 in Ansfelden) is an Austrian retired footballer who last played for FC Pasching.
No Stars in the Jungle (Spanish: En la selva no hay estrellas) is a 1967 Peruvian adventure film directed by Armando Robles Godoy.
Nenad Pagonis (born 28 July 1987 in Serbia) is a Serbian heavyweight-cruiserweight Muay Thai kickboxer as of 2013[update] fighting out of Mike's Gym in Amsterdam, Netherlands and Team Pagonis in Novi Sad, Serbia.
Friedrich Wilhelm Kücken (November 16, 1810 – April 3, 1882) was a German composer and conductor. Kücken was born in Bleckede.
Boyland Common is a place in the English county of Norfolk.
Quanzhou Jinjiang International Airport (IATA: JJN, ICAO: ZSQZ) is a dual-use military and public airport serving the city of Quanzhou in Fujian, China.
A Kiss from the Stadium () is a 1948 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
Goławice Pierwsze [ɡɔwaˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Joe Mooney (March 14, 1911 – May 12, 1975) was an American jazz and pop accordionist, organist, and vocalist.
Laura Hillenbrand (born May 15, 1967) is an American author of books and magazine articles.
Srimannarayana is a 2012 Telugu language action film, produced by Ramesh Puppala on Yellow Flowers banner, directed by Ravi Chavali and Cinematography by T. Surendra Reddy.
Theater of Life (人生劇場, Jinsei Gekijō) is a 1983 film directed by Kinji Fukasaku, Sadao Nakajima and Junya Satō.
The Exploding Hearts were an influential American punk rock and power pop band formed in Portland, Oregon, United States, in 2001.
The Bread Peddler (French: La porteuse de pain, Italian: La portatrice di pane) is a 1950 French-Italian historical drama film directed by Maurice Cloche and starring Vivi Gioi, Philippe Lemaire and Jean Tissier.
The Muar District is a district in Johor, Malaysia.
WZRD (pronounced one letter at a time W-Z-R-D) is an American rock band, composed of longtime friends and frequent collaborators, Dot da Genius and Kid Cudi.
The Turbomeca Piméné was a small French turbojet engine produced by Turbomeca in the early 1950s.
Lawrence Berry Washington (November 26, 1811 – September 21, 1856) was an American lawyer, military officer, author, Forty-niner, Border Ruffian, and a member of the Washington family.
Le Shok was an electropunk band from Long Beach, California, United States.
""" Ball and Chain "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Paul Overstreet."
Manuel José García Manuel Jose Garcia Ferreyra (Buenos Aires 1784 - 1848) was an Argentine politician, lawyer, economist and diplomat.
Žabonosy is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Chaka Khan is the eponymous fourth solo album by American R & B/funk singer Chaka Khan, released on the Warner Bros. Records label in 1982.
Neville Brown (born 26 February 1966) is a British former boxer who was British middleweight champion between 1993 and 1998, and also fought for Commonwealth, European, and World titles.
Omero Antonutti (August 3, 1935 – November 5, 2019) was an Italian actor and voice actor.
Another Lesson in Violence is a live album by the thrash metal band Exodus.
Reunion in Reno is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Mark Stevens, Peggy Dow and Gigi Perreau.
"Dominique Giovanni "" Nic "" Wise (born September 8, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who last played for KB Peja of the Siguria Superleague. At Kingwood High School, Nic Wise was a two-year letterwinner."
The Ipcress File is a 1965 British espionage film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Michael Caine.
Salačova Lhota is a village and municipality (obec) in Pelhřimov District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Hewa Bora Airways Sarl (operating as Hewa Bora Airways) was the national airline of the Democratic Republic of the Congo based in Barumbu, Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Trust No One is the second studio album released by the Italian post-hardcore band Hopes Die Last.
Quietly is the third studio album by the atmospheric sludge metal band Mouth of the Architect.
Gualöv is a locality situated in Bromölla Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 530 inhabitants in 2010.
Gerald Willfurth (born November 6, 1962) is a retired football midfielder from Austria. During his club career, Willfurth notably played for Rapid Wien and SV Austria Salzburg.
Satyapal Chandra born 1 November 1987 is an Indian author and entrepreneur.
The University of Burgundy (French: Université de Bourgogne, uB; former University of Dijon, Université de Dijon (until 1984)) is a university in Dijon, France.
William Knoedelseder (born 1947), is an American author, former Los Angeles Times business writer, television producer and news executive.
The Quiet Room is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by Rolf de Heer.
The University of International Golden Indonesia (IGI) is an institution of higher learning located in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Southeast University (Bengali: সাউথইস্ট বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) or SEU is a private university in Banani and Tejgaon, Dhaka, Bangladesh.It is one of the reputed private university in Bangladesh.
David Latta (born January 3, 1967 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey left winger.
Jovan Radomir (born 8 September 1963 in Srbac, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Swedish from Bosnia and Herzegovina television presenter, best known for presenting music programmes for Sveriges Television (SVT).
Muktir Kotha (Bengali: মুক্তির কথা, Words of Freedom) is a 1999 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Tareque Masud and Catherine Masud.
The Postal Service was an American indie pop supergroup from Seattle, Washington, consisting of singer Ben Gibbard, producer Jimmy Tamborello, and Jenny Lewis on background vocals.
One Good Reason is the third solo studio album by the English singer-songwriter Paul Carrack, then a member of the supergroup Mike + The Mechanics.
Pavel Samiec (born 1984) is a Czech composer and accordionist.
Takashi Nakamura (中村 たかし (formerly なかむら たかし), Nakamura Takashi, born September 12, 1955 in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan) is an accomplished Japanese animator and anime director.
The Current Newspapers consisted of four print and online weekly community newspapers in Washington, D.C., with editions targeted to affluent communities in Georgetown, Dupont Circle, Foggy Bottom, and Northwest DC.
Trent Dabbs is an American singer-songwriter who was raised in Jackson, Mississippi and is based in Nashville for his professional career.
Gretzky is the debut full-length album by Canadian instrumental progressive metal band Electro Quarterstaff.
Lemonade is the sixth studio album by American singer Beyoncé.
Kara Kennedy served on the boards of numerous charities and was a filmmaker and television producer.
Johnny Roosval was born in a bourgeois family in Kalmar, but grew up in Stockholm from the age of five and went to school there.
REDIRECT Darcy's Wild Life Category:Television soundtracks Category:2005 soundtracks.
Cara de Dios is an EP by the Chilean band La Ley.
Death at an Old Mansion (本陣殺人事件, Honjin satsujin jiken) is a 1975 Japanese horror film directed by Yoichi Takabayashi, based on the mystery novel The Murder in the Honjin (1946) by Seishi Yokomizo.
Alessandro Ferri (February 25, 1921 – 2003) was an Italian professional football player. He started playing as a child with S.S. Lazio and went through every youth team the club had.
Paul Di Leo is an American bassist who has worked with such bands as Nena, Adrenaline Mob, and Fozzy.
Design Toscano, Inc. is an American-based multinational mail order catalog and electronic commerce company, founded by Michael Stopka in 1989.
The southeastern pocket gopher (Geomys pinetis) is a species of pocket gopher that is native to the southeastern United States. Males are larger than females and average 176 g.
Hasluck retired to Perth, where he remained active in cultural and political affairs until his death in 1993. He was buried at Karrakatta Cemetery.
Wān Kongmakpin is a village in Langhko Township, Langkho District, in the Shan State of eastern Burma.
Kamen Rider Kiva (仮面ライダーキバ, Kamen Raidā Kiba, Masked Rider Kiva) is the title of the 2008 Kamen Rider Japanese tokusatsu television series produced by Toei Company and Ishimori Productions.
The Church V-8 is a V-8 4-stroke aircraft engine developed from the Ford flathead V8 engine in the United States in the late 1930s.
Michel François (born 1956, Saint-Trond, Belgium) is a Belgian artist.
Electraphonic Recording is a recording studio and record label located in Memphis, Tennessee. Electraphonic Recording was established in 2005 by producer and composer Scott Bomar following an agreement to work as composer on Craig Brewer's Hustle & Flow.
Minnaminuginum Minnukettu is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Thulasidas and produced by Mukesh R. The film stars Jayaram, Shobhana, Thilakan and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles.
Charles Arthur Feathers (June 12, 1932August 29, 1998) was an American country music and rockabilly musician.
Client 9: The Rise and Fall of Eliot Spitzer is a documentary directed by Alex Gibney about former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer and the sex scandal that derailed his political career.
Březí nad Oslavou is a village and municipality (obec) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Danish Aslam is an Indian film director based in Mumbai & is best known for his directorial debut movie Break Ke Baad (2010); a dramedy starring Deepika Padukone and Imran Khan.
Atharvaa Murali, known as Atharvaa, is an Indian film actor working in Tamil cinema.
NGC 6729 (also known as Caldwell 68) is a reflection/emission nebula in the constellation Corona Australis.
Ömer İzgi (born 1 January 1940) is a former Turkish politician and lawyer who served as the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey from 2000 to 2002.
Absence (Portuguese: Ausência) is a 2014 Brazilian drama film directed by Chico Teixeira.
Francesco Attesti (born June 6, 1975 in Cortona) is an Italian classical pianist.
Lelle is a small borough (alevik) in Kehtna Parish, Rapla County, in central Estonia.
Against All Authority (often abbreviated -AAA-) was an American punk band, formed in Florida in 1992. Playing in the ska punk style, their business practice follows a stringent DIY ethic.
Live from Nowhere in Particular is the third live album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa.
Honeymoon (Swedish: Smekmånad) is a 1972 Swedish drama film directed by Claes Lundberg.
Galactica (formerly known as Air) is a flying roller coaster located in the Forbidden Valley area of Alton Towers amusement park in Staffordshire, England and is the first flying coaster manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard.
Richard Vaughan (born 16 April 1978) is a Welsh badminton player from Llanbradach, Caerphilly, Wales.
Dan Resin (February 22, 1931 & ndash; July 31, 2010) was an American actor. Resin was born in South Bend, Indiana.
In India, every state has a power to constitute a Special Task Force (STF) to deal with certain problems.
Seventh Angel are a British Christian metal band that formed in 1987. The band was known for its combination of doom metal and thrash metal.
Wang Phrao (Thai: วังพร้าว) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ko Kha District, in Lampang Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 7242 people.
Niewiesze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudziniec, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
The House of Bernarda Alba () is a play by the Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca.
Anth: A Dream for a Better Tomorrow is a 1994 Indian action film directed by Sanjay Khanna, produced by Ashok Honda and starred Sunil Shetty and Somy Ali in pivotal roles.
Josh Blaylock (born March 29, 1990) is an American actor.
Polepalli is a village in Khammam district in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Red Kite Animation is a British animation production company based in Edinburgh, Scotland. The studio was founded in 1997 by Ken Anderson and Rachel Bevan Baker.
Winter in the Blood is a 2013 American film written and directed by brothers Alex Smith and Andrew J. Smith and produced by Native American author Sherman Alexie.
A Matter of Dignity (, translit. & nbsp;To teleftaio psema) is a 1958 Greek drama film directed by Michael Cacoyannis.
Nikos Argyropoulos (alternate spelling: Argiropoulos) (; born March 25, 1978 in Patras, Greece) is a Greek former professional basketball player.
Two Women () is a 1947 Swedish drama film directed by Arnold Sjöstrand.
The Loveday Loyalty is the seventh book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.
TusCon is a science fiction convention that has been held annually in Tucson, Arizona since 1974, making it the oldest continuous science fiction convention in the state of Arizona.
Hitachi maintained a 40% stake of the resulting company, the Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning.
Beryl Prairie is a locality in the Peace River Country of British Columbia, Canada, located just northwest of the town of Hudson's Hope, between Portage and Brenot Creeks.
Jean Barbier d'Aucour (1 September 1641, Langres & ndash; 3 September 1694, Paris) was a French lawyer to the parliament of Paris, ardent Jansenist and satirist.
Udayam is a 2004 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Vinu Joemon, starring Anil, Kausalya, Manya in the lead roles.
CIPC-FM is a french language contemporary hit radio station that operates at 99.1 MHz (FM). Licensed to Port-Cartier, Quebec, Canada, it serves the Sept-Îles area.
"Polysexuality (1981; second edition 1995) is the tenth issue of the journal Semiotext(e), designed to illustrate ""the plural aspects of sexuality."" Edited by Canadian psychoanalyst François Peraldi, it was first published in 1981."
A Complete: All Singles (stylized as: COMPLETE ~ALL SINGLES~) is a greatest hits album by Japanese singer Ayumi Hamasaki, released on September 10, 2008 to commemorate her tenth anniversary with Avex Trax.
Balsièges is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
George Blay (born August 7, 1980) is a former Ghanaian football player.
Danny Fütterer (born 28 August 1975) is a German former football player. He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for SV Werder Bremen on 7 May 1999 when he started in a game against Eintracht Frankfurt.
Foster & Lloyd is the eponymous debut studio album by American country music duo Foster & Lloyd.
Billy Peterson (born as Willard Peterson, in Minnesota) is an American bass player, songwriter, composer, session musician and producer.
The Pride of Palomar is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Grant Carpenter, Peter B. Kyne, and John Lynch.
Olawale Adelusimi (born April 1, 1983) is a Nigerian soccer defender who played for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Second Division.
Braća Left (Serbian Cyrillic: Браћа Лефт; trans. The Left Brothers) was a Serbian alternative rock band, formed by former Oktobar 1864 and Armagedon members in 1992.
Only Clouds Move the Stars () is a 1998 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Torun Lian.
Singida Urban District is one of the six districts of the Singida Region of Tanzania.
Ani Yeranyan (, born on 4 February 1991) is an Armenian broadcaster and actress.
The Nepean Times was a weekly newspaper first published in the Australian city of Penrith, New South Wales on 3 March 1882.
Things Have Got to Change is an album by avant-garde jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp released in 1971 on the Impulse!.
Children Without is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim, about a young girl and her brother growing up in the housing projects of Detroit.
Alyson Croft (born June 5, 1975) is an American actress.
Dickerson rushing the ball during an away game against the Cleveland Browns in 1987. The 1987 Indianapolis Colts season was the 35th season for the team in the National Football League (NFL) and fourth in Indianapolis.
Milpitas, CA 95035 Calaveras Hills High School (CHHS) is one of the two high schools of Milpitas, California.
Park Yoon-jae (born January 14, 1981) is a South Korean actor.
The Moldy Peaches is the eponymous debut album by American indie rock band The Moldy Peaches.
Only the Wind Knows the Answer () is a 1974 West German-French thriller film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Maurice Ronet, Marthe Keller and Karin Dor.
Triumph-Werke Nürnberg AG or TWN, was a German bicycle and motorcycle company. In 1886, Siegfried Bettmann founded the Triumph bicycle factory in Coventry, England, and in 1896 he founded a second bicycle factory in his native Nuremberg, Germany, under the same Triumph name.
Iain Ferguson is a British businessman.
Coral Sun Airways is the younger of two Kiribati airlines (after flag carrier Air Kiribati), established in January 2009.
Vlasina Okruglica is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 163 people.
Miyuki Tanobe (born 1937 in Morioka, Japan) is a Japanese-born Canadian painter, based in Montreal, Quebec.
Alvirne High School is located in the town of Hudson, New Hampshire, United States, with an enrollment of approximately 1,300 students from grades 9–12.
Kolovarice is a village in the municipality of Goražde, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Tanzi District (Chinese: 潭子區) is a suburban district with a population passes over 106,613 as of 2016, located north of Taichung, Taiwan.
Lidetu Ayalew (Ge'ez: ልደቱ አያለዉ) is an Ethiopian opposition politician who is the founder and the leader of the Ethiopian Democratic Party.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist. She was the winner in the Jazzmobile Anheuser-Busch Jazz Vocal Competition in 2005.
Darlene Thomasina Pidgeon (born 1975) is a Canadian rock climber known for being one of the world's strongest female boulderers, the strongest female Canadian boulderer, and the first Canadian female to climb the grades of V10, V11, and V12.
Sarakhs (Persian: Saraxs‎, also Romanized as Serakhs) is a city in Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Bern Nix (September 21, 1947 – May 31, 2017) was an American jazz guitarist.
Auktyon (Russian: АукцЫон, pronounced [ɐʊktsɨˈon]) is a Russian alternative rock band from Saint Petersburg. The band was founded by Leonid Fyodorov and Oleg Garkusha at the Polytechnic Institute of Leningrad.
Bieniszew is a village within Konin County, Wielkopolskie (Greater) Voivodeship, in western Poland.
The Reef (also known as Passion's Way) is a 1999 American-Czech-German made-for-television historical drama film directed by Robert Allan Ackerman based on the book The Reef by Edith Wharton.
Ciarán Cuffe (born 3 April 1963) is an Irish politician who has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Ireland for the Dublin constituency since July 2019.
Catalyst is an open source web application framework written in Perl, that closely follows the model–view–controller (MVC) architecture, and supports a number of experimental web patterns.
Şefaatli is a town and district of Yozgat Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.
Warrick Brownlow-Pike (born 28 January 1985) is a British puppeteer.
Rufa Mi (born María Krista Aguilar on April 8, 1988) is a Filipina comedian, presenter, actress, and singer.
Seascale is a village and civil parish on the Irish Sea coast of Cumbria England, historically within Cumberland.
Sion Airport (IATA: SIR, ICAO: LSGS) (Military: LSMS) is the airport of the city of Sion, Switzerland and is located 2.5 km southwest of Sion city in the Rhone Valley.
WISL (1480 AM) was an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Shamokin, Pennsylvania.
Little Murders is a 1971 black comedy film starring Elliott Gould and Marcia Rodd, directed by Alan Arkin in his feature directorial debut.
Joaquín de Orbegoso Seoane (24 June 1979) is a Peruvian actor of Spanish descent most known for his role in the TV series Al Fondo Hay Sitio.
Baylor University, or simply Baylor, is a private Baptist Christian university in Waco, Texas.
Péter Máté (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈpeːtɛr ˈmaːteː]; born 2 December 1984) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Debreceni VSC as a defender. Máté was born in Püspökladány, Hungary and started his career at his local football club, Tünet SE.
Bekir Bozdağ (born 1 April 1965) is a Turkish lawyer and politician of Kurdish origin.
Julius Rudolph Theodor Vogel (30 July 1812 – 17 December 1841) was a German botanist. He was born in Berlin, and studied at the Friedrich-Wilhelms-Gymnasium.
Kodak sold many of its patents for approximately $525,000,000 to a group of companies (including Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Samsung, Adobe Systems, and HTC) under the names Intellectual Ventures and RPX Corporation.
The Smithereens are an American rock band from Carteret, New Jersey, United States. The group formed in 1980 with members Pat DiNizio (vocals & guitar), Jim Babjak (guitar & vocals), Mike Mesaros (bass guitar & vocals), and Dennis Diken (drums & percussion).
Barry Jones was born in Geelong, Victoria, and educated at Melbourne High School and the University of Melbourne, where he studied arts and law.
The Hammond School, is a specialist co-educational performing arts school based in Chester in the United Kingdom. Irene Hammond founded the Hammond School of Dancing in 1917, when she took over an established dance school in Chester.
Crosville Motor Services Companies House extract company no 5706548 Crosville Motor Services Limited was a bus and coach operator based in Weston-super-Mare, North Somerset, England.
Farashband (, also Romanized as Farrāshband; also known as Farāsh and Farrāsh) is a city and capital of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.
En Rajangam is a 1994 Tamil comedy drama film directed and produced by Siraj.
Sargonbeh () is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Boeing-Boeing is a farce written by the French playwright Marc Camoletti.
Dragan Marjanac (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Марјанац; born 26 February 1985) is a Serbian handball player for Swiss club HSC Suhr Aarau.
Meleh Seleh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Meleh Seleh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
"""King Tim III (Personality Jock)"" is a 1979 song by the Fatback Band from the disco album XII."
The Wigs are an American power pop band.
A Satyanarayana Shastri (June 2, 1925 – January 14, 2004) was an Indian philosopher.
Alphamstone is a village and civil parish in Essex, England.
South West Queensland is a remote region in the Australian state of Queensland which covers 319,808 km2 (123,479 sq mi).
August Brand (19 August 1863 & ndash; 17 September 1930) was a German philologist and botanist. Brand was born in Berlin.
Franziska Gottwald (born in Marburg) is a German mezzo-soprano singer in opera and concert.
Guru Pankaj Charan Das is an Indian classical dancer, choreographer and the Ādi Guru of Odissi dance.
BIK Karlskoga is a Swedish ice hockey club from Karlskoga, Sweden.
Since 2006 these battalions form the 828th Brigade (formerly 772th Brigade), referred to as the Bislamach Brigade (formerly called Bislach Brigade). The brigade has three bases, all located in the Negev.
Domingo Belgrano Pérez (1730–1795) was an Italian merchant and politician.
Mr Sufian (born October 25, 1994), a Moroccan pop and R & B singer and songwriter from Tangier.
Louise DuArt (born October 30, 1950, in Quincy, Massachusetts) is an American comedian and impersonator.
Daas is a 2011 Polish film written and directed by Adrian Panek and starring Andrzej Chyra, Danuta Stenka, Mariusz Bonaszewski and Olgierd Łukaszewicz.
Wolverine Air is a charter airline operating out of Fort Simpson, Northwest Territories.
Mezzanotte is a 1915 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
Cidlina is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
The Pocket Book of Boners is a book illustrated by Theodor Seuss Geisel (Dr.
My Father's Guests (French: Les Invités de mon père) is a 2010 French comedy film written, directed by, and starring Anne Le Ny, along with Karin Viard, Fabrice Luchini and Michel Aumont.
Teign School is an 11–18 academy school located in Kingsteignton, a small town to the north of Newton Abbot.
In 1952, Hubert de Givenchy and Javani Robert Durfy founded his own luxury house and launched a new collection Les Séparables with some floaty skirts and puffy blouses made from raw cotton.
The Captain of Köpenick (German: Der Hauptmann von Köpenick) is a satirical play by the German dramatist Carl Zuckmayer.
Rajhenav (pronounced [ˈɾaːi̯xɛnau̯]; German: Reichenau[2]) is an abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.
Guðmundur Jörundsson (born 1987 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic fashion designer.
Innocents is the eleventh studio album by American electronica musician Moby, released in October 2013 by record labels Little Idiot and Mute.
The Black Tulip () is a 1921 Dutch silent adventure film directed by Maurits Binger.
Nunca Tem Fim... (Portuguese: Never Ends...) is the ninth and final studio album by Brazilian band O Rappa.
Stéphane Lecat (born August 6, 1971, Nogent-sur-Marne) is a former long-distance swimmer from France.
The Royal Alexandra and Albert School is an all-through co-educational boarding school in Reigate, Surrey.
Joseph J. Rothrock (August 2, 1898 – November 16, 1968) was an American college football head coach who was Delaware football program's fourteenth head coach.
Andrew Kishino (born March 20, 1970), also known as Big Kish (formerly Kish), is a Canadian actor and rapper.
Assim Jamal is an Indian film actor who mainly works in Malayalam films.
Curtis Sumpter (born January 30, 1984) is an American professional basketball player currently working as an assistant coach for the Delaware 87ers of the NBA G League.
Lemon Hanazawa (Japanese: 華沢レモン, Hepburn: Hanazawa Lemon), a.k.a.
"Classe Tous Risques (, "" Consider All Risks "" ) is a 1960 French-Italian gangster film directed by Claude Sautet and starring Lino Ventura, Jean-Paul Belmondo and Sandra Milo."
Cham-e Gorgali (, also Romanized as Cham-e Gorg‘alī) is a village in Qalayi Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Ammaavanu Pattiya Amali is a 1989 movie directed and written by Augustine Prakash, produced by Joshy.
Soulless: Ann Coulter and the Right-Wing Church of Hate is a 2006 nonfiction book by liberal political writer Susan Estrich, in which she accuses conservative Ann Coulter of repeatedly lying or manipulating the truth to serve her political agenda.
Welcome to Arrow Beach is a 1974 American horror film directed by and starring Laurence Harvey.
Metsanurme is a village in Saku Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
Saint Joseph of Cupertino, O.F.M. (Italian: Giuseppe da Copertino; 17 June 1603 – 18 September 1663) was an Italian Conventual Franciscan friar who is honored as a Christian mystic and saint.
S. Anselm's Preparatory School is a preparatory school in Bakewell, Derbyshire, founded in 1888.
Subhashis Nag (14 August 1955 – 22 December 1998) was an Indian mathematician who specialised in complex analytic geometry, particularly Teichmuller theory, and its relations to string theory.
Poonam Kaur is an Indian actress and model from Hyderabad, who appears in Telugu, Tamil,and Malayalam films.
Black Legion of Callisto is a science fantasy novel by American writer Lin Carter, the second in his Callisto series.
High Spirits is a 1988 fantasy comedy film directed by Neil Jordan and starring Steve Guttenberg, Daryl Hannah, Beverly D'Angelo, Liam Neeson and Peter O'Toole.
WXRT, also known as XRT and 93-XRT is an adult album alternative (AAA) radio station in Chicago, Illinois.
Stanwood Cobb (November 6, 1881 – December 29, 1982) was an American educator, author and prominent Baháʼí of the 20th century. He was born in Newton, Massachusetts, the son of Darius Cobb and his wife, née Laura Mae Lillie.
Thomas Gibson Sloane (20 April 1858 – 20 October 1932) was an Australian sheep grazier and entomologist, considered to be one of the pioneers in Australia's entomology field.
Thomas Linden Neff (born 1953)-, known as Tom Neff, is an American film executive, director and producer, born in Chicago, Illinois.
UK Export Finance is the operating name of the Export Credits Guarantee Department (ECGD), the United Kingdom's export credit agency and a ministerial department of the UK government.
Bhakta Nandanar (transl. Devotee Nandanar) is a 1935 Tamil-language film directed by Manik Lal Tandon.
Jeremy Edwardson (born March 25, 1979) is an American singer/songwriter, record producer, audio engineer, mixer, and former lead vocalist of the Seattle-based band, The Myriad.
:07 Seconds or Less: My Season on the Bench with the Runnin' and Gunnin' Phoenix Suns is a book written by Jack McCallum about the Phoenix Suns' 2005–06 NBA season.
Antonio de Ferraris (, ; c. 1444 & ndash; 12 November 1517), also known by his epithet Galateo (, ), was an Italian scholar of Greek ethnicity, academic, doctor and humanist.
Bhogaon is a town and a nagar panchayat in Mainpuri district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
{{Infobox musical artist | name = Paul Severson | image = | caption = Paul Severson (center) and friends playing jazz music at the Church of Religious Science.
Atom the Amazing Zombie Killer is a 2012 American independent horror comedy feature film directed by Zack Beins and Richard Taylor, and written by Beins, Taylor and Tim Johnson.
Teustepe is a municipality in the Boaco department of Nicaragua.
Erode Sengunthar Engineering College is a self-financing engineering college in Thudupathi, 5 km from Perundurai, 22 km from Erode, Tamil Nadu, India.
Perrydale School is a public school near Amity, Oregon, United States.
WLSV (790 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Wellsville, New York, United States, the station serves the Olean area.
Stormville Airport (FAA LID: N69) was a public airport located one mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district (CBD) of Stormville, a hamlet located within the Town of East Fishkill in Dutchess County, New York, USA.
"The Water Gipsies is a 1932 British, low-budget ""quota quickie"" drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Ann Todd, Sari Maritza and Ian Hunter."
"École L'Odyssée (, English: "" Odyssey School "" ) is a public francophone high school in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada."
Raghubir Yadav is the only Indian actor to have received the Silver Peacock Best Actor Award, at the International Film Festival of India.
Samurai Assassin (侍, Samurai) is a 1965 Japanese movie directed by Kihachi Okamoto and starring Toshiro Mifune, Koshiro Matsumoto, Yūnosuke Itō, and Michiyo Aratama.
Shulehabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Shūlehābād-e Soflā) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Edgaras Ulanovas (born January 7, 1992) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Žalgiris Kaunas of the Lithuanian Basketball League and the EuroLeague.
Radawnica [radavˈnit͡sa] (German: Radawnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
The Infernal Nexus is a novel by Dave Stone, featuring Bernice Summerfield, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Black Thorn, White Rose is the second book in a series of collections of re-told fairy tales edited by Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling.
Mallika Prasad(née Bhandary) is a former Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party and she was MLA representing the Puttur constituency.
Alive Before the Iceberg is live album by Seattle Alternative rock band The Posies.
The Monkees: The Day-by-Day Story of the 60s TV Pop Sensation is a book covering the history of the made-for-TV rock band, The Monkees. Written by Andrew Sandoval, it fully details the band's recording sessions, filming dates and public appearances from 1965-1970.
Mailody is an e-mail client for the KDE Platform by Tom Albers.
Jonslund is a locality situated in Essunga Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.
Szeged Airport (ICAO: LHUD) is an airport serving Szeged, a city in Csongrád county, Hungary.
Down to My Last Bad Habit is the fourteenth studio album by American country music singer Vince Gill.
David Winning (born May 8, 1961) is a Canadian and American dual Citizen film and television director, screenwriter, producer, editor, and occasional actor.
Manuae is an uninhabited atoll in the southern group of the Cook Islands, 100 kilometres south-east of Aitutaki.
Aurat (lit. 'Woman') is a 1967 Indian Hindi-language film produced and directed by S. S. Balan and S. S. Vasan.
Emerson Knives, Inc. is an American company that produces knives and related products. It was founded in 1996 by custom knifemaker Ernest Emerson in an effort to mass-produce his folding knife designs for the U.S. Military and collector markets.
"Post- och Inrikes Tidningar or PoIT (Swedish for ""Post and Domestic Times"") is the government newspaper and gazette of Sweden, and the country's official notification medium for announcements like bankruptcy declarations or auctions."
Mirena Kurosawa (黒澤 美澪奈, Kurosawa Mirena, born May 22, 2001, in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese tarento and idol who was formerly a member of Sakura Gakuin.
Sami Miettinen (born 10 July 1970) is a well-known Finnish author of Non-fiction.
Jätkäjätkät is a Finnish hip hop, rap and reggae band fronted by Asa (real name Matti Salo), a well-known Finnish rapper.
Weekend of Shadows is a 1978 film directed by Tom Jeffrey and starring John Waters.
Dragon Wing (1990) is a fantasy novel by American writer Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman, the first book in their Death Gate Cycle series.
Christian Gottlob Heyne (German: [ˈhaɪnə]; 25 September 1729 – 14 July 1812) was a German classical scholar and archaeologist as well as long-time director of the Göttingen State and University Library.
Szamotuły - Halszka Tower Jan Matejko - Kazanie Skargi Princess Elizaveta Ostrogska (1539–1582), also known as Elżbieta or Halshka, was a Polish heiress, the only child of Prince Illia Ostrogski and Beata Kościelecka.
"Champions of Krynn is role-playing video game, the first in a three-part series of Dragonlance Advanced Dungeons & Dragons ""Gold Box"" games."
John Fay is a British television screenwriter and playwright.
P. Parameswaran (1927 – 9 February 2020), often referred to as Parameswarji, was a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) pracharak from Kerala, India who was erstwhile Vice‑President of the Jan Sangh.
"The Seward Park Campus is a ""vertical campus"" of the New York City Department of Education located at 350 Grand Street at the corner of Essex Street, in the Lower East Side/Cooperative Village neighborhoods of Manhattan, New York City."
Viento Frío is a corregimiento in Santa Isabel District, Colón Province, Panama with a population of 487 as of 2010.
Governagiri is a village in Ottapidaram taluk Tuticorin District Tamil Nadu India.
"""Messages"" is the third single of the synthpop group Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD), released in 1980."
Golden Shower of Hits is the third studio album by American hardcore punk band Circle Jerks, released July 21, 1983 by the labels Allegiance and LAX Records.
Got7 () is a South Korean boy band formed by JYP Entertainment. The group is composed of seven members: JB, Mark, Jackson, Jinyoung, Youngjae, BamBam, and Yugyeom.
Harmony Airways was an airline headquartered in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada, a suburb of Vancouver.
Luttenberger*Klug is a pop duo from Styria, Austria and consist of Michelle Luttenberger (born 12 July 1990, Feldbach) and Chrissi Klug (born 5 February 1989, Deutschlandsberg).
George Henry Boker (October 6, 1823 – January 2, 1890) was an American poet, playwright, and diplomat. Boker was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Kaun Jeeta Kaun Haara (lit. is a 1987 Hindi drama film directed and produced by Rakesh Kumar.
The GEN 125 is a Japanese aircraft engine, designed and produced by the GEN Corporation for use in ultralight helicopters.
Chelsea and Westminster Hospital is a 430-bed teaching hospital located in Chelsea, London.
Aratula is a rural town and locality in the Scenic Rim Region, Queensland, Australia.
Francisco de Zárate y Terán (1610 – 21 December 1679) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Cuenca (1664–1679) and Bishop of Segovia (1661–1664).
WOSM (103.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a News/Talk format. Licensed to Ocean Springs, Mississippi, United States, the station serves the Biloxi-Gulfport-Pascagoula area.
Adelina Abranches (15 August 1866 – 21 November 1945) was a Portuguese stage actress born in Lisbon.
Earl Turner was born in Nebraska, the son of James R Turner, a telegraph operator, and Mary Elizabeth Stanfield.
Muyyige Muyyi (Kannada: ಮುಯ್ಯಿಗೆ ಮುಯ್ಯಿ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y.
Balldre is a village and a former municipality in the Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.
Madonna was presented with the Artist Achievement Award by Tony Bennett at the 1996 Billboard Music Awards. On October 14, 1996, she gave birth to Lourdes Maria Ciccone Leon, her daughter with Leon.
Shri Satish Kumar Sharma is a politician from the Indian National Congress party who is a Member of the Parliament of India, representing Madhya Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.
Kornaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Clermont Airport is an airport serving Clermont, Queensland, Australia.
Encarnación López Júlvez, better known as La Argentinita, (Buenos Aires, March 3, 1898 – New York, September 24, 1945) was a Spanish-Argentine flamenco dancer (bailaora), choreographer and singer together with her sister Pilar López Júlvez.
North End was an American boogie- and club music-influenced garage house music group, consisted of Arthur Baker, Russell Presto and Tony Carbone.
Springfield High School (SHS) is a public secondary school located in Springfield, Illinois, United States.
Gordon Hessler (12 December 1925 – 19 January 2014) was a British film and television director, screenwriter, and producer.
Inevitable End are a Swedish death metal band from Jönköping, who are signed to Relapse Records.
First version Second version Two Busts of Cardinal Scipione Borghese are marble portrait sculptures executed by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini in 1632.
All India Institute of Medical Sciences Raipur is a medical college and medical research public university located in Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India.
"Montboudif (Occitan:""Montbodiu"") is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France."
Earth 2150 also known as Earth 2150: Escape from the Blue Planet is a real-time strategy game, originally published in 2000 by SSI and the Polish developer Reality Pump and a sequel to the largely unknown Earth 2140.
Ian Hutchinson (born 12 August 1979 in Bingley, West Yorkshire) is an English professional motorcycle road racer specialising in events held on closed public roads, such as the Isle of Man TT, the North West 200 and Ulster Grand Prix.
Mustafa Çakır (born December 15, 1986 in Sinop, Turkey) is a Turkish yacht racer competing in the Laser class.
"""I've Cried My Last Tear for You"" is a song written by Chris Waters and Tony King, and recorded by American country music singer Ricky Van Shelton."
The Curse () is a 1924 Austrian drama film directed by Robert Land and starring Lilian Harvey, Oscar Beregi and Albert Heine.
Bledzianów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
The Girl Who Leapt Through Time (Japanese: 時をかける少女, Hepburn: Toki o Kakeru Shōjo) is a 1983 Japanese science fiction film directed and edited by Nobuhiko Obayashi, written by Wataru Kenmotsu, and starring idol Tomoyo Harada in her first film.
Heart for Sale is the second studio album by Belgian singer-songwriter, Tom Dice.
Ozona High School is a public high school located in Ozona, Texas (USA) and classified as a 2A school by the UIL.
Hough-on-the-Hill is a village and civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. The population of the civil parish including Brandon was 399 at the 2011 census.
Remarkable Power is a 2008 comedy film directed by Brandon Beckner, who also co-wrote the script.
Hunter's Run is a 2007 science fiction novel written by Daniel Abraham, Gardner Dozois and George R. R. Martin.
Björlanda is a locality situated in Göteborg Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.
Lucy Corin is an American novelist and short story writer.
Shiva Ka Insaaf (English: Shiva's Justice) is a 1985 Indian superhero film directed by Raj N. Sippy and produced by Romu N. Sippy.
Rajendran (born 1957), https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chennai/Stunt-accident-left-him-hairless-and-with-plenty-of-roles/articleshow/55360906.cms credited as Motta Rajendran or Naan Kadavul Rajendran, is a stunt double, film actor and comedian working in Tamil cinema.
Fulvio Sulmoni (born 4 January 1986) is a Swiss Defender, who currently plays for FC Lugano. Sulmoni has also played for FC Lugano, FC Locarno and FC Chiasso.
Across Six Leap Years is the tenth studio album by British alternative band Tindersticks, released on 14 October 2013.
The Pratt & Whitney J52 (company designation JT8A) is an axial-flow dual-spool turbojet engine originally designed for the United States Navy, in the 40 kN (9,000 lbf) class.
Liru Gerdaveh (, also Romanized as Līrū Gerdaveh) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Henry Shaw (1788 – October 17, 1857) was a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts, son of Samuel Shaw. Born near Putney, Vermont, Shaw completed preparatory studies.
Gąsów [ˈɡɔ̃suf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Wilhelm Heinrich, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach (10 November 1691 – 26 July 1741), was a duke of Saxe-Eisenach. He was born in Oranjewoud, the eldest and only surviving son of Johann Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach and his first wife Amalie of Nassau-Dietz.
Andrés Calamaro (Andrés Calamaro Massel, August 22, 1961), is an Argentine musician, composer and Latin Grammy winner. His former band Los Rodríguez was a major success in Spain and throughout Latin America mainly during the 1990s.
Glass Rose (Japanese: 玻璃ノ薔薇, Hepburn: Garasu no Bara) is a point-and-click adventure psychological horror video game developed by Cing and Capcom's Production Studio 3 and published by Capcom for the PlayStation 2.
"Dunn was considerably influenced by his father and his mother, June Dunn, a former school teacher, in later deciding to become a priest and being appointed a bishop. "" My Mentor: Patrick Dunn Bishop of Auckland "" , Herald on Sunday, 8 April 2007, p. 31."
Pogorzałki Małe [pɔɡɔˈʐau̯ki ˈmawɛ] (German: Klein Pogorschalki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Malden High School is a public high school in Malden, Massachusetts, United States that was established in 1857.
The Bourne Academy, formerly known as Kings High School, is a mixed secondary school in Bournemouth, Dorset in England.
Rock and Roll Party is the third album by rock band Virginia Coalition.
Nyayam Ketkirom (Tamil: நியாயம் கேட்கிறோம்) is a 1973 Indian Tamil film, directed by C. Muthuraman, Lakshmi, Kanchana and Nagesh in lead roles.
Frederick Catherwood (27 February 1799 – 27 September 1854) was an English artist, architect and explorer, best remembered for his meticulously detailed drawings of the ruins of the Maya civilization.
"is a 2006 Japanese comedy baseball film written and directed by Teruyoshi Uchimura. Koichi Akiyoshi, the legendary third baseman in the former prestigious grass baseball team "" Peanuts "" , will start to rebuild the Peanuts."
Loguin is a village in the Yaba Department of Nayala Province, Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 305.
The Gesellschaft zur wissenschaftlichen Untersuchung von Parawissenschaften (GWUP) (English: Society for the Scientific Investigation of Parasciences ) is a non-profit organisation promoting scientific skepticism, headquartered in Roßdorf, Germany.
R. Foster Clark was an American football and baseball coach at Louisiana Tech University.
Alweston is a village in Dorset, England, situated roughly 3.5 miles (5.6 km) southeast of Sherborne.
King Hussein Air Base also known as Mafraq Air Base and King Hussein Air College, is an air base of the city of Mafraq, in the Mafraq Governorate of Jordan.
Trnovitički Popovac is a village in Croatia.
"Giulio Cesare Graziani (24 January 1915 Affile – 23 December 1998 Rome) was an Italian aviator, and one of the most famous Italian pilots of the Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 Sparviero torpedo bomber, the ""Damned Hunchback"", in World War II."
Tsai Eng-meng (; born 1957) is a Taiwanese businessman, chairman of the snack food company Want Want China.
Todo Depende de Ti (Everything Depends on You) is the title of a studio album released by banda music band La Arrolladora Banda El Limón.
Sailing the Seas of Cheese is the second studio album and major-label debut by the American rock band Primus, released on May 14, 1991.
Katarzyna Eugenia Skumin Tyszkiewicz (c. 1610–1648) was a Polish noblewoman. Katarzyna was the daughter of Janusz Skumin Tyszkiewicz and Barbara Naruszewicz.
Hate Lives in a Small Town is the seventh studio album by Cuban American dark cabaret singer Voltaire, released on September 3, 2010.
Jaus Records is an independent record label and recording studio from Oviedo, Asturias, Spain, created on 2002 exclusively to record and support the works by Spanish power metal band WarCry.
Kaushik Basu (born 9 January 1952) is an Indian economist who was Chief Economist of the World Bank from 2012 to 2016.
Paulson & Co. Inc. is an American investment management firm, established by its president and portfolio manager, John Paulson in 1994.
Planina pod Šumikom (pronounced [plaˈniːna pɔt ʃuˈmiːkɔm]) is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.
Sea of Poppies (2008) is a novel by Indian novelist Amitav Ghosh which was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize in 2008.
The Little owl has a life expectancy of about sixteen years.
Mendelsohn's Incessant Visions is a 2011 documentary film directed by Duki Dror.
Stępuchowo [stɛmpuˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Gilbert Dempster Fisher (1906–1985) was a Scottish broadcaster, writer and naturalist who achieved prominence on BBC Scottish Radio as a naturalist under the persona of 'the Hut Man'.
A Sinjar Resistance Units fighter carries the militia's flag The Şengal Resistance Units (; YBŞ), formerly called King Peacock (), is a Yazidi militia formed in Iraq in 2007 to protect the Yazidi community in Iraq in the wake of attacks by Iraqi insurgents.
The Man Who Stayed at Home is a 1915 British silent thriller film directed by Cecil M. Hepworth and starring Dennis Eadie, Violet Hopson and Alma Taylor.
Bernd Weidung (born 1 March 1963 in Koblenz, Rhineland-Palatinate), better known by his stage name Thomas Anders, is a German singer, best known as the lead singer of German duo Modern Talking.
Jocelyn Crane (June 11, 1909 – December 16, 1998) was an American carcinologist, most famous for her research on the fiddler crab and her work with the New York Zoological Society’s (now the Wildlife Conservation Society) Department of Tropical Research.
Soundso (English: So and So) is the third studio album by the German band Wir sind Helden.
Blankety Blank: A Memoir of Vulgaria (2005) is a novel by American author D.
Karpoora Deepam (Tamil: கற்பூரதீபம்) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film, directed by A. The film stars Sivakumar, Sujatha, Ambika and Goundamani in lead roles.
A Jazz Holiday is a jazz compilation released in 1973.
Pramukhan is a 2009 Indian Malayalam action thriller film directed by popular action director and martial arts expert Salim Baba.
Baštra (Serbian Cyrillic: Баштра) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Marten Holden Weiner is an American actor who is known for the role of Glen Bishop on the television series Mad Men, which was created by his father, Matthew Weiner.
Rock Monster is a 2008 television film directed by Declan O'Brien.
Kolowr (, kolur) (Tati: , kelur) is a city in and capital of the Shahrud District, in Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, northwestern Iran.
Lake Ledinci (Serbian Latin: Ledinačko jezero; Serbian Cyrillic: Лединачко језеро) was a small artificial lake on the mountain of Fruška Gora, near Novi Sad, in the Srem region of the Vojvodina province of Serbia.
All the Proud Tribesmen (1959) is a children's novel by Australian author Kylie Tennant, illustrated by Clem Seale.
Dil Maange More!!! (English: The Heart Wants More) is a 2004 Indian Hindi romantic drama film directed by Anant Mahadevan and produced by Fourth Wall Productions.
James Wolcott (born December 10, 1952) is an American journalist, known for his critique of contemporary media.
Village Rhythm is a studio album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano recorded in 1988 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Alexander Addison (1758–1807) was the first Federal Judge appointed to the position of president judge of the Fifth Judicial of Pennsylvania-the area encompassing most of Western Pennsylvania of the newly formed United States of America.
Trouble Will Find Me is the sixth studio album by American indie rock band The National, released on May 17, 2013 on 4AD.
Anti Dread is a Polish punk rock band playing since 2003.
Enrico Contarini (died 15 November 1108) was an Venetian priest who was Bishop of Castello from 1074 to 1108.
Jiang Gaoming () is a professor and Ph.D. tutor at the Chinese Academy of Sciences’ Institute of Botany.
The Jazz Experiments of Charlie Mingus is an album by jazz bassist and composer Charles Mingus released on the Bethlehem label.
Woman Haters is a 1934 musical short subject directed by Archie Gottler starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Curly Howard).
Woody Kling (April 14, 1925 – April 10, 1988) was an American television writer, producer, playwright, and composer.
"The Janadhipathi Police Weeratha Padakkama ( "" President's Police Gallantry Medal "" ) is awarded to police officers in Sri Lanka for gallantry or brave performance of duty."
Philippsthal (Werra) is a market community in Hersfeld-Rotenburg district in eastern Hesse, Germany, right at the boundary with Thuringia.
Underground is the second studio album by the American garage rock band, The Electric Prunes, and was released in 1967 on Reprise Records.
The Bullwaddy Conservation Reserve is a protected area approximately north east of Elliott in the Northern Territory of Australia.
Advaitic Songs is the fifth studio album by the band Om, released on July 24, 2012.
Fire on the Mountain is the fifth studio album by Charlie Daniels and the first as The Charlie Daniels Band, released in 1974, appearing on the record label Kama Sutra Records, then later in 1976 by Epic Records.
The Oberösterreichische Nachrichten (OÖN) () is a German language regional newspaper published in Linz, Austria.
MythBusters is an Australian-American science entertainment television program created by Peter Rees and produced by Australia's Beyond Television Productions.
Weekend Wives is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Monty Banks, Jameson Thomas and Estelle Brody.
Wake is the third full-length studio album by Christian hard rock band Mortal.
James Sloan Kuykendall (December 9, 1878 – February 12, 1928) was an American farmer, lawyer, and Democratic politician in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
Hello Brother is a 1994 Telugu action-comedy film, produced by K. L. Narayana under the Sri Durga Arts banner, presented by S. Gopal Reddy and directed by E V V Satyanarayana.
WEAM-FM (100.7 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to serve Buena Vista, Georgia, United States.
The Spring-Ford Area School District is a K-12 school district based in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States, and expands into Chester County, Pennsylvania.
Wyględy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Johan Pienaar Airport is an airport serving Kuruman, a town in Northern Cape province, South Africa.
Anthony Banks, known simply as Ant Banks, is a producer and rapper from Oakland, California.
Idães is a civil parish in the municipality of Felgueiras, Portugal.
Idbury is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold Hills in Oxfordshire, about southeast of Stow-on-the-Wold in neighbouring Gloucestershire.
John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny (1392 – 5 January 1441) was a French nobleman and soldier, a younger son of John of Luxembourg, Lord of Beauvoir, and Marguerite of Enghien.
Fábio Eduardo Cribari 13 February 1975 in Cambará, Paraná) is a Brazilian football defender.
Alfonso Guerra OP (died 18 June 1596) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Michoacán (1592–1596) and Bishop of Paraguay (1579–1592).
John B. Callahan (born September 20, 1969) was the 11th Mayor of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
Lonestar is the debut studio album from the American country music band Lonestar.
KGNB (1420 AM, 103.1 FM) is an American terrestrial radio station, paired with an FM translator, broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to New Braunfels, Texas, the station serves the San Antonio area.
William Miller, PC (February 12, 1835 – February 23, 1912) was a Canadian politician. Born in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, the son of Charles Miller and Elizabeth Smith, he was educated at the Antigonish Academy, studied law and was called the bar of Nova Scotia in 1860.
Hazari Lal Chauhan is an Indian politician and a member of the Sixth Legislative Assembly of Delhi in India.
The Elands River (Afrikaans: Elandsrivier) is a river in the former Transvaal area, South Africa.
Erica De Mane (born December 3, 1953 in Bronx, New York, United States) is an American chef, food writer, and teacher who specializes in Italian cooking.
Pathram (English: The Newspaper) is a 1999 Malayalam-language political thriller film written by Renji Panicker and directed by Joshi, starring Suresh Gopi, Manju Warrier, Murali, N. F. Varghese, Biju Menon, Abhirami.
No Remorse were an English neo-Nazi and Rock Against Communism (RAC) band led by singer Paul Bellany (son of Scottish artist John Bellany), aka Paul Burnley.
Mykyta Kravchenko (; born 14 June 1997 in Zuhres, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine), is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Olimpik Donetsk on loan from FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Geneviève Lalonde (born September 5, 1991) is a Canadian middle- and long-distance runner competing primarily in the 3000 metres steeplechase.
Narjis bint Yashoua (Arabic: نَرْجِس ٱبْنَت يَشُوعَا‎, Narjis ʾibnat Yashūʿā, 'Narjis' meaning narcissus) was the wife of Imam Hasan al-Askari (217–260 AH, c. 832 – 890 CE) and the mother of the final Imam of Twelver Shia Islam.
Mary Eliza Mahoney (May 7, 1845 – January 4, 1926) was the first African American to study and work as a professionally trained nurse in the United States.
Farm to Market Road 1160 (FM 1160) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that remains within Wharton County.
Shibal Ibrahim () (born c. 1977) is an activist for Kurdish rights in Qamishly, Syria.
Victor Callahan (born July 4, 1963, in Independence, Missouri) was a Democratic member of the Missouri Senate, representing the 11th District from 2003 to 2013.
Dobrovoljno Pevačko Društvo was a Serbian supergroup consisting of former Idoli members Nebojša Krstić and Srđan Šaper and Piloti frontman Kiki Lesendrić.
Züngüləş (also, Zünqüləş, Zangyulyash, and Zungulyash) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 554.
Morgan Griffin (born 4 June 1992) is an Australian actress.
Presentation of Mary Academy, commonly abbreviated PMA is a private Roman Catholic co-ed high school, grades 9–12 in Methuen, Massachusetts.
Wisconsin Lutheran College (WLC) is a private liberal arts college affiliated with the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod and located on the border of Milwaukee and Wauwatosa, Wisconsin.
Kokczyn Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Jennifer Euston is an American casting director.
Julieta Schildknecht (born April 7, 1960 in São Paulo) is a Swiss-Brazilian photographer and journalist.
Manobala (born 8 December 1953) is an Indian film director, producer and comedian actor who predominantly plays supporting roles in Tamil-language films.
Jade Magnet was an online Crowdsourcing platform for creative and marketing support services. It was founded in 2009 by Sitashwa Srivastava and Manik Kinra.
Arab Hassan Kabir (Arabic: عرب حسن كبير‎, also spelled 'Arab Hasan Kebir) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo.
Gene Ammons in Sweden is a live album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in Åhus in 1973 and released on the Enja label in 1981.
The Bandits of Corsica is a 1953 American adventure film directed by Ray Nazarro and starring Richard Greene, Paula Raymond and Raymond Burr.
"""Food for Thought"" is the first single released by British reggae band UB40."
For Love and Crown (German:Um Liebe und Thron) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Franz Osten.
Deadly Quicksilver Lies is a fantasy novel by American writer Glen Cook, the seventh novel in his ongoing Garrett P.I.
First Light is the fifteenth studio album by the British progressive rock group the Enid, released on 6 October 2014.
Morghdari-ye Huzak (, also Romanized as Morghdārī-ye Hūz̤aḵ) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Richard J. Duckett (born March 25, 1933) is an American former professional basketball player. Dick Duckett.
The Sphinx (Italian:La sfinge) is a 1920 Italian silent film directed by Roberto Roberti and starring Francesca Bertini.
Stella Fregelius: A Tale of Three Destinies is a 1904 novel by British writer H.
Release Me is a 2012 compilation album of rare and previously unreleased tracks by American singer Barbra Streisand.
Avions Voisin was a French luxury automobile brand established by Gabriel Voisin in 1919 which traded until 1939.
The Platinum Collection is the first greatest hits collection of American singer Laura Branigan that was released posthumously.
Mount Mathew () is a peak, high, standing at the east side of Starshot Glacier, north of Mount Hotine, in the Surveyors Range, Antarctica.
A Story Tale is an album by jazz saxophonists Clifford Jordan and Sonny Red which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label.
For Love of Mother-Not is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster, first published in 1983.
Charlotte Elkins (born July 4, 1948) is an American author who teamed with her husband, writer Aaron Elkins, to write a series of mystery novels about Lee Ofsted, a struggling female professional golfer.
Bosses Will Be Bosses is the second studio album by American rap group The Delinquents, released September 7, 1999 on Dank or Die Records.
Satya 2 (transl. The film was directed by Ram Gopal Varma with production design by Saini S.
Chandai is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France. Mr.Serge Godard the mayor of Chandai with his members of municipal team presented their wishes to contest in elections.
Gocłowo [ɡɔt͡sˈwɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"""I Am the Best"" (Korean: 내가 제일 잘 나가; RR: Naega Jeil Jal Naga) is a Korean single by South Korean girl group 2NE1 from their self-titled second EP."
A Brand New Life is a 1973 American made-for-television drama film directed by Sam O'Steen.
Colony High School (CHS) is a public secondary school in Palmer, Alaska, United States, serving students in grades 9 & ndash;12.
Brett McBean is best known as an award-winning Australian horror, thriller and speculative fiction writer.
Imaginary Third is the third album by the alternative rock band The Van Pelt, released in 2014 on La Castanya Records http://www.discogs.com/Van-Pelt-Imaginary-Third/master/676639 .
Rosa Conde Gutiérrez del Álamo (born 7 September 1947) was a Spanish Government spokesperson and is a lecturer. Conde was born in Ronda.
Radonie [raˈdɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Professor Makame Mbarawa is a Tanzanian CCM politician and a nominated Member of Parliament.
The Misadventure of a French Gentleman Without Pants at the Zandvoort Beach () is a 1905 early Dutch silent film directed by Willy Mullens, and produced by Alberts Frères.
Arjun Rampal (born 26 November 1972) is an Indian film actor, producer, screenwriter, model, entrepreneur, and television personality.
Vida Petrović-Škero (Serbian: Вида Петровић-Шкеро) (born 15 March 1952 in Belgrade) is a Serbian Supreme Court judge.
Ajorbast (Persian: اجربست‎, also Romanized as Ājorbast) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.
Arturo Chini Ludueña (name also spelled Artur Quini Ludueña; born October 21, 1904 in Cañada de Gómez; died in 1993) was an Argentine professional footballer who played as a striker.
"Malik Hall (born in 1996), better known by his stage names Haleek Maul and Kidgns (pronounced "" Kid Genius "" ), is an American rapper and record producer."
Ana Lima (born (1969-04-24)24 April 1969) is a retired Brazilian female volleyball player.
Ruslan Ivanov (Bulgarian: Руслан Иванов; born 19 February 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Pirin Blagoevgrad as a midfielder.
Marko Gerbec (24 October 1658 – 9 March 1718; Latinized: Marcus Gerbezius) was a Carniolan physician and scientist, notable as the founder of modern medicine among the Slovenes and for the first description of Adams–Stokes syndrome.
Bandrake Head is a village in Cumbria, England.
Mihnea Chioveanu (born August 21, 1987 in Bucharest) is a Romanian water polo player.
Yonhy Lescano Ancieta (born 15 February 1959 in Puno) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician (Popular Action).
Jacques Becker (French: [bɛkɛʁ]; 15 September 1906 – 21 February 1960) was a French screenwriter and film director.
Castellserà is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.
Om is an Indian film and television actor who works in Indian and Bangladeshi films and television shows.
Iona Brown, OBE, (7 January 1941 – 5 June 2004) was a British violinist and conductor. Elizabeth Iona Brown was born in Salisbury and was educated at Cranborne Chase School, Dorset.
"""Gotta Get Over"" is a pop rock song written by Doyle Bramhall II, Nikka Costa and Justin Stanley. It was recorded by the British rock musician Eric Clapton for his 2013 studio album Old Sock."
Rørstad is a village in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.
WCHK AM 1290 is a radio station broadcasting a Latin pop format. Licensed to serve Canton, Georgia, its broadcast callsign stands for Cherokee, the county of which Canton is the seat of government, largest city, and geographic center.
Licensed to Yuba City, California, United States. KOBO 1450 AM is simulcast with KIID 1470 AM and KWRU 1300 AM.
Algiers is an American rock band from Atlanta, Georgia, United States, formed in 2012. The band consists of multi-instrumentalists Franklin James Fisher, Ryan Mahan, Lee Tesche, and Matt Tong.
Isaac Dabbs was an American politician who served on the Virginia House of Delegates from 1875 to 1877.
Thiruvaiyathukudi is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census Thiruvaiyathukudi had a total population of 1636 with 795 males and 841 females.
St Paul's Catholic High School, also known as St Paul's RC High School, is a mixed Roman Catholic secondary school located in the Newall Green area of Manchester, England.
"KTRT (97.5 FM, "" The Root "" ) is a radio station licensed to Winthrop, Washington, United States."
Kim Young-sook (Hangul: 김영숙; born 17 November 1979), better known by her stage name, Maya (Hangul: 마야) is a South Korean singer and actress.
Cel-Ray is a celery flavored soft drink from Dr Brown's.
Robots is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Isaac Asimov, Martin H. Greenberg and Charles G. Waugh as the ninth volume in their Isaac Asimov's Wonderful Worlds of Science Fiction series.
John C. Carr was an American politician who served as Mayor of Medford, Massachusetts, Chairman of the Massachusetts Democratic Party, and City Manager of Medford.
right|thumb Norman Daniels (born 1942) is an American political philosopher and philosopher of science, political theorist, ethicist, and bioethicist at Harvard University and the Harvard T.H.
Thamil Isai Kalaamanram (Tamil: தமிழ் இசை கலாமன்றம்) (TIKM) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting carnatic music and bharathanatyam dance in Ontario, Canada, headquartered in Toronto.
Chambers' Music is the debut album by jazz bassist Paul Chambers. It was originally released in September 1956 on the Jazz West label.
Sarah Mason (born 19 September 1971) is a British novelist of romance novels since 2002.
Vellanakalude Nadu () is a 1988 Indian Malayalam-language political satire crime film directed by Priyadarshan, written by Sreenivasan and produced by Maniyanpilla Raju.
"Croket! (コロッケ!, Korokke!, lit. ""), also spelled Korokke!, is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Manavu Kashimoto."
Mark Brokaw is an American theatre director.
Michael Kull, better known as Mike Candys (born 21 August 1981), is a Swiss music producer and dance DJ.
We Deserve Much Worse is the third and most recent studio release by brutal death metal band Deathbound.
Chief Hannah Idowu Dideolu Awolowo (; 25 November 1915 – 19 September 2015), popularly known as HID, was a Nigerian businesswoman and politician.
Ruth Milne Hall, OAM, FAA, FAAM (born 6 August 1945) is an Australian microbiologist whose research on mobile genetic elements in bacteria has identified the mechanism for spread of antibiotic resistance in bacteria.
Muhammad Ali (born Raymond Patterson, 23 December 1936 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a free jazz drummer.
Buckland Windmill is a grade II listed smock mill at Buckland, Surrey, England which has been restored to working order.
Luigi Morleo (born 16 November 1970 in Mesagne, Province of Brindisi) is an Italian percussionist and composer of contemporary music, who lives in Bari and teaches at the Niccolò Piccinni Conservatory.
Dwaine Wilson was an award-winning running back during his brief Canadian Football League career. A graduate of Idaho State University in Pocatello, Idaho, he played 2 seasons for the Montreal Concordes (part of the Montreal Alouettes franchise history.).
The Show () is a South Korean music television program broadcast by SBS MTV.
Sledgehammer is a 1983 slasher film written and directed by David A. Prior.
Li Haoyuan (, born on April 10, 1989 in Shanxi) is a Chinese footballer (Midfielder).
The Three Americas is eleventh studio album by Brazilian jazz artist Eliane Elias.
Zygmunt Haupt (5 March 1907, in Ułaszkowce, Podole & ndash; 10 May 1975, in Winchester, Virginia, United States) was a Polish writer and painter.
Padamandi is a village in Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.
Faizan Khawaja (born 7 January 1986), is a Pakistani American actor and producer.
Bennihalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Amanda Reid (born 12 November 1996) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer and cyclist.
Ilie Savu (9 January 1920 – 16 November 2010) was a Romanian footballer who played as a goalkeeper and was also the first ever goalkeeper to play for Steaua Bucureşti.
The Treasure () is a 1923 silent German drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.
Youngblood is a Sweden-based boy band made up of 5 members from both Sweden and Norway. Members are Christer Sjølie af Geijerstam, Henric Flodin, Marcus Sjöstrand, Oskar Kongshöj and Simon Johansson.
Saud Khamis Al-Farsi (Arabic: سعود خميس الفارسي‎; born 3 April 1993), commonly known as Saud Al-Farsi, is an Omani footballer who plays for Al-Oruba SC. Saud is part of the first team squad of the Oman national football team.
The George Raft Story is a 1961 American biographical film of Hollywood film star George Raft. Ray Danton portrays Raft and the film was directed by Joseph M. Newman.
Radhi Shenaishil Swadi (Arabic: راضي شنيشل سوادي‎; born 11 August 1969) is a former Iraqi footballer and former coach of the Iraq national football team, and a football manager who last managed Naft Al-Wasat.
The Marinebrigade Ehrhardt was a Free Corps (Freikorps) group of around 6,000 men formed by Captain (Korvettenkapitän) Hermann Ehrhardt in the aftermath of World War I, also known as II Marine Brigade or the Ehrhardt Brigade.
Jessie Hill is an Australian music video director and fashion designer, best known for her work with Julia Stone and Angus Stone.
WLPS-FM (89.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel Music format. WLPS-FM is licensed to Lumberton, North Carolina, United States.
SportsNet Central is a daily primetime sports news program on Comcast Sportsnet Philadelphia.
Great Bliss, Vol. 2 is an album by American jazz saxophonist David S. Ware, the second installment of a two-albums project recorded in 1990 and released on the Swedish Silkheart label.
Kim Jin-hyeok (; born 15 May 1989 in Gyeongsangbuk-do) is an amateur South Korean Greco-Roman wrestler, who competes in the men's middleweight category.
Reno's son, Alex, was born on January 23, 1988.
Biggs Army Airfield (formerly Biggs Air Force Base) is a United States Army military airport located on the Fort Bliss military base in El Paso, Texas.
Kelly Blue is an album by American jazz pianist Wynton Kelly, released in 1959.
Roaming Lady is a 1936 American comedy action film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Fay Wray, Ralph Bellamy and Thurston Hall.
Hendijan (Persian: هنديجان‎; also Romanized as Hendījān; also known as Hendeyān, Hendīān, Hindīān, and Hindijan) is a city and capital of Hendijan, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Ruf Records is a German independent record label, which was founded in 1994 by Luther Allison’s manager, Thomas Ruf, to promote Allison's career.
is a private university, located in the city of Iwaki, Fukushima, Japan. Higashi Nippon International University was established in 1995.
Ian Fleming International Airport (previously Boscobel Aerodrome) is an international airport located in Boscobel, Saint Mary Parish, Jamaica, east of Ocho Rios, in northern Jamaica.
Dennhausen is a village in Fuldabrück in the Kassel district of Hessen.
You Need a Budget (YNAB) (pronounced Why-nab) is an American multi-platform personal budgeting program based on the envelope method. In 2013 it was the most popular personal finance software among Lifehacker readers.
The Union of Centrists (Greek: Ένωση Κεντρώων, Enosi Kentroon) is a centrist, liberal political party in Greece. The leader and founder of the party is Vassilis Leventis.
So Dark the Night is a 1946 American crime film in the film noir tradition, directed by Joseph H. Lewis and written by Dwight V. Babcock, Martin Berkeley.
Microsoft Comic Chat (later Microsoft Chat, but not to be confused with Windows Chat, or WinChat) is a graphical IRC client created by Microsoft, first released with Internet Explorer 3.0 in 1996.
Animalada (English: Animal) is a 2001 Argentine black comedy film directed and written by Sergio Bizzio.
Buddy Rich Sings Johnny Mercer is a 1956 studio album by Buddy Rich, of the lyrics of Johnny Mercer, arranged by Buddy Bregman.
New Communist Party of Georgia (Georgian: საქართველოს ახალი კომუნისტური პარტია, Sakartvelos Achali Komunisturi Partia), is a political party in Georgia. It is founded in 2001 by Yevgeny Dzhugashvili, the grandson of Joseph Stalin.
Threshold is a 1990 science fiction novel by American writers Chris Morris and Janet Morris.
The ONDAR Show (French: [lə ɔ̃daʁ ʃo]) is a French sketch comedy television programme.
Nordwind Airlines, LLC () is a Russian leisure airline. The company is headquartered in Moscow, About Nordwind and its hub is at Sheremetyevo International Airport.
Pólus Palace Golf Club was a golf course in Hungary. It is privately owned.
Maurice Fatio (1897–1943) was a Swiss-born American architect. Maurice Fatio was born in Geneva, Switzerland on March 18, 1897.
John Sherwood (born 4 June 1945 in Selby, West Riding of Yorkshire, England) is a male retired British athlete.
Gail Vaz-Oxlade (born June 18, 1959 in Jamaica) is a Jamaican-Canadian financial writer and television personality who lives in Brighton, Ontario, Canada.
Jerome Solon Felder (June 27, 1925 – March 14, 1991), known as Doc Pomus, was an American blues singer and songwriter. He is best known as the lyricist of many rock and roll hits.
Kraken 40 is a trimaran designed by Lock Crowther in Australia and first built in 1970.
Adam Minarovich is an American actor, screenwriter and film director.
Hans Wloka (8 March 1925 – 8 April 1976) was a German footballer. He played for Eintracht Frankfurt from 1947 to 1957.
Carlos Adrián Valdez Suárez (born 2 May 1983) is a Uruguayan football player. Valdez began his career with Club Nacional de Football before moving to clubs in Italy.
Slide, Inc., operator of the Slide.com website, was a Web 2.0 company founded by Max Levchin and based in San Francisco, California.
Luděk Hulan (11 October 1929, in Prague & ndash; 22 February 1979, in Prague) was a Czech jazz double-bassist and musical organiser.
Metatron Press is an independent book publisher located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada that specializes in contemporary literature, including poetry and fiction, and titles by new or rising authors.
Sally Carman (born 9 May 1981) is an English actress, best known for her roles as Kelly Maguire in Shameless and as Abi Franklin in Coronation Street.
All Our Desires (French: Toutes nos envies) is a 2011 French drama film directed by Philippe Lioret.
""" C'est la vie "" is a song by Algerian raï singer Khaled."
Adam Shaheen (born 13 October 1964) is a British-Canadian artist, television producer and screenwriter.
Two is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Tebey.
Ron Mathewson (born 19 February 1944) is a Scottish jazz double bassist and bass guitarist born in Lerwick, Shetland Isles, Scotland.
Thirumalai Thenkumari (transl. From Tirupati to Kanyakumari) is a 1970 Tamil-language Indian road film written and directed by A. P. Nagarajan.
Maurizio Massimiani (born September 22, 1953) is an Italian former professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. Massimiani was born in Scandriglia, Italy.
Orlando Nadres (born November 1938 in Tayabas, Quezon - died July 14, 1991) was a stage, film, television writer, director and actor.
Katzenjammer was an English-language Norwegian band from Oslo, formed in 2005. The band consists of Anne Marit Bergheim, Solveig Heilo and Turid Jørgensen.
Regional Maple Leaf Communications Inc (RMC) is a Canadian publishing company located in Edmonton, Alberta.
"Solo is an EP by DC Talk consisting primarily of the band members' solo efforts with the exception of a live-performance cover of U2's ""40"", which is the last recording made by the band before going on hiatus."
Payday is a 1972 American drama film written by Don Carpenter, directed by Daryl Duke, and starring Rip Torn as a country music singer.
Charuulata 2011 is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Agnidev Chatterjee.
Mahir Jasem () (born 22 January 1989) is an Emirati footballer. He played for the UAE national under-20 side and Hatta.
The Realpha, also known as RE, was a Rhodesian Formula One racing car. The car was built by Ray Reed at his base in Gwelo, and was structurally based on a Cooper.
Esperanza Brito de Martí (1932 - 16 August 2007) was a Mexican journalist, feminist and reproductive rights activist.
My Other Self (Chinese: 任意門; pinyin: Ren Yi Men; lit. : 'Anywhere Door') is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Rainie Yang's (Chinese: 楊丞琳) third Mandarin studio album.
Zarače is a village in the municipality of Busovača, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
30 Beats is a 2012 comedy romance film, written and directed by Alexis Lloyd and starring Ingeborga Dapkunaite, Jason Day and Vahina Giocante.
Pirivom Santhippom () is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language family drama film written and directed by Karu Pazhaniappan starring Cheran and Sneha in the lead roles alongside an ensemble cast.
Rose Mountain is the sixth studio album by Screaming Females, released on February 24th, 2015, by Don Giovanni Records.
Milzau is a village and a former municipality in the district Saalekreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Bad Lauchstädt, prior to that it was part of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Bad Lauchstädt.
Augusto Bergamino (Italian pronunciation: [auˈɡusto berɡaˈmiːno]; 12 July 1898 – 29 January 1976) was an Italian footballer who played as a forward. Bergamino played for Genoa C.F.C. for 10 seasons.
KICL (96.3 FM) is an American radio station licensed to Pleasantville, Iowa, United States.
Royal Air Force Station Gütersloh, more commonly known as RAF Gütersloh, was a Royal Air Force Germany military airfield, the nearest Royal Air Force airfield to the East/West German border, in the vicinity of the town of Gütersloh.
Nadaniyaan is a Hindi sitcom presented by BIG Magic and produced by Dheeraj Kumar.
'Peter Fatomilola'Bold text' (born January 16, 1946) is a Nigerian dramatist, film actor, poet and prolific playwright.
Duniya (The Intrinsic Passion of Mysterious Joy) is the debut album of Loop Guru, released on December 13, 1994 through Nation Records.
K. Murugesan Anandan is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India.
Knocking on Heaven's Door is a 2014 Nigerian musical romantic drama film written by Vivian Chiji, produced by Emem Isong and directed by Desmond Elliot, starring Majid Michel, Adesua Etomi and Blossom Chukwujekwu.
Hildegunn Øiseth (born 5 December 1966 in Kongsvinger, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (trumpet, flugelhorn and bukkehorn).
Mohammed Ali Beshr (also, Bishr; & nbsp;; born 14 February 1951) is an Egyptian politician who served as minister of state for local development from 5 January to 4 July 2013.
Javier Merida (born April 15, 1973) is a Spanish athlete most famous for competing in paratriathlon.
Arikesavanallur is a village in Ambasamuthiram Taluk, Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Harker Heights High School is a 6A public high school located in Harker Heights, Texas, United States.
Smash Your Head on the Punk Rock is a compilation album by the American indie rock band, Sebadoh.
Tati is an album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composer Enrico Rava recorded in 2004 and released on the ECM label.
Kim Hyo-jung (; born December 11, 1990), better known by her stage name Hyolyn (효린), is a South Korean singer-songwriter and producer, now under the management of her own self-started production company Bridʒ.
27-29 His father, John W. Moseley, Jr., was a Presbyterian minister in Oklahoma for thirty years, originally from Richmond, Virginia. Joseph A. Brandt, John O. Moseley, The Sooner, February 1935, pp.
Vadakkummuri is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala, India. India census, Vadakkummuri had a population of 9532 with 4303 males and 5229 females residing in their country.
As coach: Jean-Marc Jaumin (born 5 February 1970) is a Belgian retired basketball player and current coach.
Kanwar Arsalan, is a Pakistani television actor and a model.
Five Times Five is a 1939 American short documentary film directed by Frank P. Donovan.
Within the forest is Black Elk Peak which is the tallest mountain in South Dakota and the highest peak east of the Rocky Mountains in the United States.
The Last Fleksnes () is a 1974 Norwegian comedy film directed by Bo Hermansson, starring Rolv Wesenlund and Aud Schønemann.
Doc West is a 2009 Italian Western comedy film starring Terence Hill and Paul Sorvino.
Yang Zhenduo (born 1926), a native of Yongnian Hsien County, Hebei, was born in Beijing, China, into the famous Yang family of martial artists.
Patterson in 1951 Doreen Patterson Reitsma (December 12, 1927 – April 30, 2000) was the first woman from British Columbia to enter Canada's newly created Postwar Women's Division of the Royal Canadian Navy.
Pamela Eells O'Connell (formerly credited as Pamela Eells) is an American television producer and writer.
Sainte-Foy, Vendée is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Shelawadi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Fox Hunting (Russian: Охота на лис, romanized: Okhota na lis) is a 1980 crime drama directed by Vadim Abdrashitov.
Nowe Rościszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Jan Kiesser (born Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a cinematographer The New York Times who won a Leo Award for the 2006 film Fido Leo Awards Winners (2007) and many other nominations including Primetime Emmy Award.
The School of Open Learning (SOL) was established as a constituent college of the University of Delhi in 1962 and is a pioneer in the field of distance education in India.It is one of the largest educational institutions in India, with around 5 lakh students.
Rockford Lutheran High School is a private school in Rockford, Illinois.
"Kyō no Asuka Show (今日のあすかショー, Kyō no Asuka Shō, lit. ""Today's Asuka Show"") is a Japanese manga series by Taishi Mori."
The Diary of Lady M (French: Le journal de Lady M) is a 1993 Swiss drama film directed by Alain Tanner.
Herschel Grammar School is a co-educational grammar school with academy status, located in Slough, Berkshire, England. The headteacher is Mrs Joanne Rockall.
Arivonimamo Air Base (ICAO: FMMA), or simply Antananarivo Arivonimamo Air Base, is a military airport located in Arivonimamo, Madagascar.
Zachary Plavsic (; born January 15, 1983) is a Canadian sailor athlete of Serbian background. Plavsic was born and raised in the city of Vancouver, BC, Canada.
Cindertalk is the stage and studio name of multi-instrumentalist singer-songwriter Jonny Rodgers, and the ever-changing group of musicians who join him for performances and recordings.
The Escape Engine was a post-hardcore band from Paramus, New Jersey, that existed from 2002 to 2006.
Black Roses is a 1988 horror film directed by John Fasano and starring John Martin, Ken Swafford, Julie Adams, and Carla Ferrigno.
Extended Play is an extended play (EP) by American artist Austin Mahone released on May 29, 2013 from Republic Records only in Japan.
Taku Takahashi (高橋 拓, Takahashi Taku, born 29 March 1974; stylized as ☆Taku Takahashi) is a Japanese hip hop recording artist, DJ and record producer who debuted in 1997 as a record producer of the hip hop group M-Flo.
UiTM Faculty of Law is one of the professional graduate faculties of UiTM and is located in Shah Alam, Malaysia.
Abdul Sattar Afghani (Urdu: عبدالستار افغانی‎; 6 July 1930 – 4 November 2006) was a politician from Karachi, Pakistan.
Thunderbirds is a 2004 British-American science fiction action-adventure film directed by Jonathan Frakes, based on the 1960s TV series Thunderbirds created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson.
Earthride is an American doom metal band from Maryland, United States. Earthride formed in 2000 after the demise of Dave Sherman's previous band, Spirit Caravan.
Birinci Biləcik (also, Biledzhik Pervoye, Biledzhik Pervyy, Birindzhi-Baledzhik, and Birindzhi-Bilyadzhik) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Desafío is a compilation album released by New Era Entertainment in 2003. It consists of 25 tracks featuring such reggaeton artists as Ivy Queen, Don Omar, Alexis & Fido, Wisin & Yandel, and Tego Calderón, among others.
Park Jun-won (Korean: 박준원; born 30 June 1986) is a South Korean professional golfer.
Secondhand Rapture is the debut studio album by American duo MS MR, released on May 14, 2013 by Columbia Records.
Meghan O'Leary (born August 24, 1984) is an American rower.
Carlo Lombardi (1900–1984) was an Italian stage and film actor.
Icky Mettle is the first studio album recorded by the indie rock band Archers of Loaf.
Amrapali Gupta (born 19 December) is an Indian television actress.
The Gods Are Athirst (, also translated as The Gods Are Thirsty or The Gods Will Have Blood) is a 1912 novel by Anatole France.
Mahjoub Sharif (1 January 1948 – 2 April 2014), born as Mahjoub Muhammad Sharif Muhammad, was a Sudanese poet, teacher and activist.
The King's Daughter is a 1916 British silent historical film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Gerald Ames, Janet Ross and Edward O'Neill.
Urban Boyz is a Rwandan R&B Afropop group composed of members James Manzi (Humble Jizzo) and Muhammed Nshimiyimana (Nizzo Kaboss).
Dimenticare Palermo (Forgetting Palermo) is a 1989 Italian political thriller film starring James Belushi, directed by Francesco Rosi and co-written by Gore Vidal. The film was released under the title The Palermo Connection in North America.
Ectogram were a Welsh band from Bangor, United Kingdom. Ann Matthews and Alan Holmes were previously members of Welsh language post-punk band Fflaps between 1987 and 1993, touring Europe, releasing three LPs, and recording two John Peel Sessions during that time.
CJLI (AM 700, The Light) is a Canadian radio station, that broadcasts a Christian radio format at 700 kHz/AM in Calgary, Alberta.
For the pioneer French aeroplane manufacturer see Émile-Louis Letord Léon Letort, (18 September 1889 – 10 December 1913) was a pioneer French aviator.
Massimo Carmassi (born 5 June 1943 in San Giuliano Terme near Pisa) is an Italian architect.
Strength & Honour by Canadian studio Magitech is a Microsoft Windows PC game of global domination that combines turn-based empire building and epic real-time tactics.
Atomic Playboys is the first studio album by guitarist Steve Stevens, released in 1989 through Warner Bros. Records; a remastered edition containing two bonus tracks was reissued on August 5, 2013 through Rock Candy Records.
François Perrochel (8 July 1602, in Paris – 8 April 1682, in Boulogne-Sur-Mer) was a French cleric.
The 68th Air Refueling Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
The Heinkel HeS 1 (HeS - Heinkel Strahltriebwerke) was Germany's first jet engine, which was a stationary test item that ran on hydrogen.
Fixin' to Die is the third solo studio album (and ninth overall studio album, including all G. Love and Special Sauce material) by G. Love, released on February 22, 2011 on Brushfire Records.
Maurice Leblanc (1857 – 1923) was a French engineer and industrialist. Born in Paris, Leblanc worked primarily in improving induction motors and alternators.
Johanna Andersson (born 7 October 1989) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Vittsjö GIK.
Cramer, 1928 - at the University of Amsterdam Album Academicum website Born in The Hague, Mars Cramer was the son of biologist and Professor P. J. S. Cramer (1879–1952) Vakblad voor biologen: VB.
"WDNG (1450 AM, "" My 95 "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Anniston, Alabama, United States."
Örtülü, Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 33 people.
KROC-FM (106.9 FM) is a radio station serving Rochester, Minnesota.
John Fallon Colohan (1862 & ndash;) was Ireland's first motorist.
The Catholic University of Santos (, UniSantos or Católica de Santos) is a Brazilian private and non-profit Catholic university, located in Santos, São Paulo, the first university in the region of the city.
Locke is a 2013 British–American drama film written and directed by Steven Knight.
Smiljevac is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia.
Qardaha (Arabic: قرداحة‎ / ALA-LC: Qardāḥah) (French: Cardaha) is a town in northwestern Syria, in the mountains overlooking the coastal town of Latakia.
Bruno Spaggiari (born January 11, 1933 in Reggio Emilia) is an Italian former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.
Ober-Flörsheim is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Alzey-Worms district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Beach Street Records is a part of Reunion Records under the Provident Label Group. The label was founded in 2003 by Mark Miller, lead singer of the country band Sawyer Brown.
Ciudad Arce is a municipality in the La Libertad department of El Salvador.
"Farida Parveen (born 31 December 1954) is a Bangladeshi folk singer. Referred to as ""the Queen of Lalon song,"" she received Ekushey Padak in 1987 and Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the film Andho Prem (1993) in 1993."
Antoinette Frissell Bacon (March 10, 1907 – April 17, 1988), known as Toni Frissell, was an American photographer, known for her fashion photography, World War II photographs, and portraits of famous Americans, Europeans, children, and women from all walks of life.
Madathil Vasudevan, popularly identified as M. V. Devan (15 January 1928 – 29 April 2014), was an Indian painter, sculptor, writer, art critic and orator.
Air Sharing was a file sharing and document viewing application for the operating system iOS.
Overlord: Raising Hell is the expansion to the 2007 action role-playing game Overlord, which was released available for download over Xbox Live for the 360 version and online for the PC version on February 15, 2008 alongside additional multiplayer add-ons.
"Arotxa (Rodolfo Arotxarena Montevideo, September 7, 1958), is a Uruguayan caricaturist. ""."
Samson Gwede Mantashe, popularly known as Gwede Mantashe (born 21 June 1955) is a South African politician, who as of 18 December 2017, serves as the National Chairperson of the African National Congress.
Friendzone was an American instrumental hip hop duo based in East Bay, California. It consisted of producers James Laurence and Dylan Reznick.
King Kong is a 1976 American monster adventure film produced by Dino De Laurentiis and directed by John Guillermin.
Thuso Phala (born 27 May 1986 in Soweto, Gauteng) is a South African football midfielder who plays for Premier Soccer League club Black Leopards.
Her Bright Skies is a Swedish post-hardcore band based in Jönköping.
Pouswaka-Peulh is a village in the Tenkodogo Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 792.
Wojtyniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Häggenås is a locality situated in Östersund Municipality, Jämtland County, Sweden with 320 inhabitants in 2010.
Dekwaneh (Arabic: دكوانة‎ translit. Dikwene) (also Dekweneh) is a suburb north of Beirut in the Matn District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate, Lebanon.
Edward Robins (2 March 1862 – 22 May 1943) was an American newspaperman, author of fiction and non-fiction for both adults and juveniles, antiquarian, and historian.
Oliver Vernon Aplin (5 December 1858 & ndash; 8 November 1940) was a British ornithologist.
Ribarci is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 39 people.
Juigné-des-Moutiers is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Enoch Arden is a two-part 1911 short silent drama film, based on the Tennyson poem of the same name. It was directed by D. W. Griffith, starred Wilfred Lucas and featured Blanche Sweet.
A City Is Beautiful at Night or C'est beau une ville la nuit is a 2006 French drama film directed by Richard Bohringer.
Arukathu Patabendige Jagath Pushpakumara (ආරුකට්ටු පටබැඳිලාගේ ජගත් පුෂ්පකුමාර) is a Sri Lankan politician from Monaragala district.
The Center for Economic Research and Graduate Education – Economics Institute, known as CERGE-EI (/ˌsɜːrdʒˌiːˈaɪ/) is an academic institution in Prague, Czech Republic, specialised in economics.
Hans Lang (8 February 1899 – 27 April 1943) was a German international footballer who played for BC Augsburg, SpVgg Fürth and Hamburger SV.
Tsewang Dhondup (b 1977) is politician from Tawang in the Tawang district of Arunachal Pradesh. He belong to Indian National Congress Party and member of Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly since 2014.
Live at Roadburn 2008 is the first live album by French post-metal band Year of No Light.
""" Me Neither "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley."
Bore Track in the Strzelecki Desert. The Bore Track is a 4WD track in South Australia roughly following the Queensland border from Cameron Corner to Innamincka.
Chamber Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
Delloreese Patricia Early (July 6, 1931 – November 19, 2017), known professionally as Della Reese, was an American jazz and gospel singer, actress, and ordained minister whose career spanned seven decades.
Junki Koike (小池 純輝, Koike Junki, born May 11, 1987) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokyo Verdy.
A Bit on the Side is a short story collection written by William Trevor, first published by Viking Press in 2004.
Kim Seo-hyeon (born December 10, 1993), known professionally as Katie Kim, or by the mononym KATIE, is a South Korean-born American singer based in Los Angeles who finished first in K-pop Star 4.
Saptapadi (English: Seven Steps) is a 1961 Indian Bengali-language romantic drama film by Ajoy Kar, starring Suchitra Sen, Uttam Kumar, Chhabi Biswas and Chhaya Debi.
Deh Azam (, also Romanized as Deh A‘z̧am) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
"KMGC (104.5 FM, ""The Rhythm of South Arkansas"") is a radio station broadcasting an urban contemporary music format. Licensed to Camden, Arkansas, United States, the station is currently owned by Radio Works, Inc. and features programming from Citadel Media."
Vicky Botwright (born 18 June 1977 in Manchester, United Kingdom) is a squash coach and former professional squash player from England.
The Lynns were an American country music duo, consisting of twin sisters Peggy Lynn and Patsy Lynn (born August 6, 1964), who are the youngest daughters of singer Loretta Lynn.
Jacob Wolfowitz (March 19, 1910 – July 16, 1981) was a Polish-born American statistician and Shannon Award-winning information theorist. He was the father of former United States Deputy Secretary of Defense and World Bank Group President Paul Wolfowitz.
The Tribe is the debut album by Caspar Brötzmann Massaker.
Pottuvil or Pothuvil or Poththuvil (Tamil: பொத்துவில், romanized: Pottuvil; Sinhala: පොතුවිල්, romanized: Potuvil) is a town in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka, located on the eastern coast of the Island.
Chiktadashi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Olds was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada.
Bad Lobenstein is a spa town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany with a population of about 6,000 inhabitants.
Avi Pitusi is a former Israeli football (soccer) player who now works as a manager in Hapoel Ironi Rishon LeZion.
That year, Casio released the Model 14-A, sold for 485,000 yen, the world's first all-electric compact calculator, which was based on relay technology.
"""Critical Factor"" is a science fiction short story by American writer Hal Clement, published in 1953."
Dos corazones y un cielo (English: Two Hearts and One Heaven) is a 1959 Mexican musical-comedy film directed by Rafael Baledón and starring Demetrio González, Eulalio González, and Rosa de Castilla.
François Girard (born January 12, 1963) is a French-Canadian director and screenwriter.
""" Brave "" is a 2012 classical crossover–pop song by American singer and songwriter Josh Groban."
The Elmore Formation is a geologic formation in England.
Yogi (யோகி) (English: Master of Oneself) is a 2014 Independent Singaporean Hyperlink Tamil Comedic Action Thriller Short-Film written, shot and directed by Kevin William.
Eglė Rakauskaitė, currently better known as Egle Rake, is a Lithuanian visual artist.
Eclipse of Reason is a 1987 anti-abortion documentary video directed, filmed, and narrated by Bernard Nathanson, with an introduction by Charlton Heston.
Outlaws of the Range is a 1936 American film directed by Albert Herman.
""" What Mattered Most "" is a debut song written by Gary Burr and Vince Melamed, and recorded by American country music singer Ty Herndon."
Edward Weston (May 9, 1850 – August 20, 1936) was an English-born American chemist noted for his achievements in electroplating and his development of the electrochemical cell, named the Weston cell, for the voltage standard.
École John Stubbs Memorial School is a K-8 school located in Belmont Park neighbourhood of Colwood, British Columbia, Canada, part of the Western Communities suburbs of Victoria.
The Adventurers (German: Der Abenteurer) is a 1926 German silent adventure film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Harry Liedtke, Erna Morena and Margarete Schlegel.
George Weston Anderson (September 1, 1861 – February 14, 1938) was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Mattoral (: The Other) is a 1988 Indian Malayalam-language family drama film directed by K.
HMAS Cerberus is a Royal Australian Navy (RAN) base that serves as the primary training establishment for RAN personnel.
Morgan Oey (born Handi Morgan Winata in Singkawang, West Borneo, on May 25, 1990), is an Indonesian singer, actor and model.
The District of Woden Valley is one of the original eighteen districts of the Australian Capital Territory used in land administration.
Heathen Earth is a live album by the English industrial band Throbbing Gristle, released in 1980 through Industrial Records.
Furtho is a deserted medieval village and former parish in South Northamptonshire, England.
Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy is the ninth studio album by Elton John.
Tara Chand is a Dalit leader of Indian National Congress from Jammu and Kashmir.
Great Depression and Aftermath Cold War New Left Contemporary Active Historical Lee Rhiannon (born 30 May 1951) is a former Australian politician who was a Senator for New South Wales between July 2011 and August 2018.
WKTK is a commercial radio station licensed in Crystal River, Florida, broadcasting to the Gainesville & ndash;Ocala, Florida area on 98.5 FM.
Edward Sizzerhand also known as Steady Fingaz is a Brooklyn (NYC) born DJ and record producer who has won a number of renown competitions as a DJ and together with his group Square One performed in collaboration with American artists in Europe.
Sonija Kwok (Chinese: 郭羨妮, born on 22 July 1974) is a Hong Kong actress, worked for TVB till her contract expired in July 2015 and decided not to renew it.
Tunisavia is a charter airline based in Tunis, Tunisia.
Afternoon Delight is a 2013 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Jill Soloway.
The Circuito de Getxo (English: Getxo Circuit) is a single-day road bicycle race held annually in July in Getxo, Spain.
"""Nothing Lasts Forever"" is a song by Australian punk rock band The Living End."
Deseret Book (/ˌdɛzəˈrɛt/ (listen)) is an American publishing company headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, that also operates a chain of bookstores throughout the western United States.
Prisoner of the Mountains (Russian: Кавказский пленник, Kavkazskiy plennik), also known as Prisoner of the Caucasus, is a 1996 Russian war drama film directed by Sergei Bodrov and written by Bodrov, Arif Aliyev and Boris Giller.
Antham (English : The End) is a 1992 Telugu neo-noir action-crime film produced and directed by Ram Gopal Varma on Drishya Creations banner.
Belvatti is a small village situated on the Banks of River [ Markandeya] in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Gordon Bennett (9 October 1955 – 3 June 2014) was an Australian artist of Aboriginal and Anglo-Celtic descent.
Erwin Klein (died 1992) http://www.teamusa.org/USA-Table-Tennis/USATT/Hall-of-Fame/Profiles/Erwin-Klein is a male former table tennis player from United States.
André Frossard (1915–1995) was a French journalist and essayist.
Sir Derwent Hall Caine, 1st Baronet (12 September 18912 December 1971) was a British actor, publisher and Labour politician.
Anna Thamma (Kannada: ಅಣ್ಣ ತಮ್ಮ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed by K.
Lauren Holtkamp (born November 24, 1980) is a professional basketball referee in the National Basketball Association (NBA), wearing number 7.
The Betty Ford Story is a 1987 television film directed by David Greene and written by Karen Hall.
Rokeby School is an 11–16 community secondary school for boys in Canning Town, Greater London, England.
Pravčice is a village and municipality (obec) in Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.
Baerenthal (German: Bärental, Lorraine Franconian: Bäredal) is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
Martial Aubertin (18 October 1775 - 15 November 1824), was a French stage actor and dramatist.
Samara Nohra (Arabic: سمارة نهرا‎) is a Lebanese actress and voice actress.
Ramón Alva de la Canal (b. Mexico City, August 29, 1892 – d. Mexico City, April 4, 1985) was a Mexican painter, illustrator, and educator, one of the pioneers of the Mexican muralism movement.
In the summer of 1940, Williams initiated a relationship with Kip Kiernan (1918–1944), a young Canadian dancer he met in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
Maeda Nariyasu (前田 斉泰, August 28, 1811 – January 16, 1884) was an Edo period Japanese samurai, and the 12th daimyō of Kaga Domain in the Hokuriku region of Japan.
Assjack is an American heavy metal band led by Hank Williams III and Garrett Bremer.
Government Rajendra College (Bengali: সরকারী রাজেন্দ্র কলেজ) is a public college, located in Faridpur, Bangladesh.
Uklejnica [uklɛi̯ˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. The village has a population of 33.
Sergey Andreevich Kuvaev (Russian: Сергей Андреевич Куваев; Japanese: セルゲイ・アンドレーエヴィチ・クワエフ born July 19, 1984) is a Russian actor, model and videoblogger in Japan. Sergey Kuvaev was born in Zhukovsky, Moscow Oblast, Russia.
"Jaszczurka (meaning "" lizard "" in Polish) is the first studio album by Polish trip hop singer Pati Yang."
""" Teutonic Witch "" is a single by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre."
"Davood Ali Asgari, better known by his stage name Locksmith, is an American rapper from Richmond, California. He is half of the former underground duo The Frontline, which pioneered the "" New Bay "" resurgence movement in the Bay Area in the 2000s."
Second Nature is the second studio album by the American supergroup Flying Colors, that was released in Europe on September 29, 2014, in the US on September 30, and in the UK on October 6.
Paul Pezos (born 11 February 1979) is an Australian footballer. He has played in the NSL with West Adelaide SC from 1996 until 1999 and then went to play in the South Australian Super League with Adelaide City.
KXO (1230 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to El Centro, California.
Thiago Ribeiro Cardoso (born 24 February 1986), known as Thiago Ribeiro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Bragantino. Born in Pontes Gestal, São Paulo state, Thiago Ribeiro started his career at Rio Branco-SP.
LOS.FM 2 is the second mixtape by American record production team League of Starz; It was released on August 13, 2015.
Regional Air was an airline based in Madang, Papua New Guinea.
Michelle Wright is the second studio album by the Canadian country music artist Michelle Wright.
Salma Rachid ( & nbsp; Moroccan pronunciation: ; born 13 June 1994) is a Moroccan pop singer at the age of 18 following her participation in the second season of Arab Idol, broadcast on MBC.
LANPAR, available in 1969,[8] was the first electronic Spreadsheet on mainframe and time sharing computers.
Kristell Lowagie (born Christel Lowagie, 6 March 1980) is a Belgian singer and songwriter. Lowagie led the gothic/symphonic metal band Skeptical Minds.
A Song for Tomorrow is a 1948 second feature drama film directed by Terence Fisher in his directorial debut.
Zeromancer is a Norwegian industrial rock band formed in 1999 by members of the band Seigmen. The current lineup is Alex Møklebust (vocals), Kim Ljung (bass guitar/backup vocals), Noralf Ronthi (drums), Lorry Kristiansen (programming) and Per-Olav Wiik (lead guitar).
The Devil's Promise is a 2014 mystery pastiche novel written by David Stuart Davies, featuring Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson.
"KCAC (89.5 FM, "" KC 89 "" ) is a non-commercial educational radio station broadcasting an alternative rock music format. Licensed to Camden, Arkansas, United States, the station is currently owned by Southern Arkansas University – Technical Branch."
Víctor Urruchúa (30 December 1912 & ndash; 1981) was a Mexican actor, film director and screenwriter.
The River's End is a 1920 American silent western film directed by Victor Heerman and Marshall Neilan and starring Lewis Stone, Marjorie Daw, and Jane Novak.
Permanent Signal is the second studio album by American musician Porcelain Raft.
Veronica Porché Ali (born Veronica Porche; December 16, 1955) is an American psychologist and the former wife of boxer Muhammad Ali.
Udhar Ka Sindur () is a 1976 Bollywood drama film, produced by L. V. Prasad under the Prasad Productions Pvt. Ltd. banner, directed by Chander Vohra.
Ines Kresović (Serbian Cyrillic: Инес Кресовић, born February 20, 1984 in Šibenik, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian female basketball player.
Brad Marshall (born April 11, 1967) is an American actor. Marshall was born in Nairobi, Kenya to Brad Marshall and Sandy Marshall.
Lancaster Mennonite School is a private Christian school with three campuses in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States. The Lancaster Campus, east of the city of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, serves students in grades six through twelve.
Lowrider was an American automobile magazine, focusing almost exclusively on the style known as a lowrider.
Willy Haugli (2 August 1927 – 12 February 2009) was a Norwegian jurist, university director and police chief. Haugli was born in Tromsø, Norway.
Walter H. Tyler (March 28, 1909 & ndash; November 3, 1990) was an American art director.
Dream River is the fifteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bill Callahan, released on September 17, 2013 on Drag City.
Obaltan (Korean: 오발탄, also known as Aimless Bullet and Stray Bullet) is a 1960 South Korean tragedy film directed by Yu Hyun-mok.
Undersökningar i germanisk mythologi (Investigations into Germanic Mythology) is a two-volume work by Viktor Rydberg, published in 1886 and 1889.
The Amazing Catfish () is a Mexican comedy-drama film, written and directed by Claudia Sainte-Luce.
Benson was born December 18, 1989, to parents Shannon and Jeff Benson, and raised in Anaheim Hills, Anaheim, California.
Harbour was born in White Plains, New York, to parents Kenneth and Nancy (née Riley) Harbour.
The University of Calgary Faculty of Law, at the University of Calgary (U of C). is a law school in Calgary, Alberta.
CFPW-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 95.7 FM in Powell River, British Columbia with an adult contemporary format branded as Coast 95.7 FM.
Home Plate Entertainment is an American animation studio, founded in 2010 by Emmy Award-winning producer, Bill Schultz.
Nguyễn Văn Quyết (born 1 July 1991) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays for V.League 1 club Hà Nội F.C.
"""One Honest Heart"" is a song written by David Malloy, Gary Baker and Frank J. Myers, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire."
John Waddington is an English musician known as the guitarist for the English electronic rock group The Pop Group.
The Comunidad de Calatayud is one of the comarcas of Aragon, Spain.
John Harrison Frick Jr. (born September 24, 1939), known professionally as Mark Elliot, is an American voice-over artist best known as the primary voice for Disney productions from 1983 to 2008.
Andrea Seigel (born October 28, 1979 in Anaheim, California) is an American novelist and screenwriter.
Nåt gammalt, nåt nytt, nåt lånat, nåt blått is the fourth studio album by Håkan Hellström, released on 28 December 2005.
The Rare Cult box set is complemented by the single-disc compilation The Best of Rare Cult and the 2002 5-CD release Rare Cult: The Demo Sessions.
Götschetal is a village and a former municipality in the district Saalekreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Melina Manandhar {{cite news|title=Melina Manandhar Biography|url=http://biography.lumbinimedia.com/2017/02/melina-manandhar.html}} (Nepali: मेलिना मानन्धर; born 1977) is a Nepali actress and producer.
Shobhanam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by KS Sivachandran and starring MG Soman and Anusha in the lead roles.
David Drake (born September 24, 1945) is an American author of science fiction and fantasy literature.
"Uwe Kropinski (born February 20, 1952 is a German jazz guitarist. Born in Berlin, Kropinski studied jazz and classic guitar at Hochschule für Musik ""Hanns Eisler"", Berlin from 1973 to 1976, during which time he became influenced by Conny Bauer."
Three Men to Kill (French: Trois hommes à abattre) is a French crime film released in 1980, directed by Jacques Deray, starring Alain Delon with Dalila Di Lazzaro.
"Black Lightning is an extant 1924 American silent drama film directed by James P. Hogan and starring Thunder the Marvel Dog ""supported"" by Clara Bow and other ""All Star Cast""."
Harinder Singh Khalsa is an Indian politician.
Šta je to u tvojim venama (English: What Is It In Your Veins? ), later renamed Kukavica (English: Coward), is the fifth studio album by Serbian singer Ceca.
Kairo-kō: A Dirge (薤露行, Kairo-kō) is a 1905 novel by the Japanese author Natsume Sōseki.
Jenny McCudden is an Irish journalist, newspaper editor, author and television producer.
The First Hundred Years is a 1938 American comedy-drama film directed by Richard Thorpe.
Marie Antoinette: The Portrait of an Average Woman (German: Marie Antoinette. Bildnis eines mittleren Charakters) is a 1932 biography of the French queen Marie Antoinette by Austrian writer Stefan Zweig.
Tropical Storm Helene was a long-lived tropical cyclone that oscillated for ten days between a tropical wave and a 70 mph (110 km/h) tropical storm.
Hugh Reticker (1884–1969) was an American art director associated with the Hollywood studio Warner Brothers.
Sam Tsoutsouvas is an American veteran actor and lyricist with experience in the stage, television and films.
"""The Roaring Trumpet"" is a fantasy novella by American writers L."
The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2013 were the 42nd FIS Alpine World Ski Championships, held 4–17 February in Austria at Planai in Schladming, Styria.
Nocturnal Lights... They Scatter is the fifth studio album by South Korean pianist Yiruma.
Vaishakada Dinagalu (Kannada: ವೈಶಾಖದ ದಿನಗಳು) is a 1993 Indian Kannada film, directed by Katte Ramachandra and produced by Mohan Bhasagoda.
"Link is a rock outcrop on the surface of Aeolis Palus, between Peace Vallis and Aeolis Mons (""Mount Sharp""), in Gale crater on the planet Mars."
Turowice-Kolonia [turɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"""Deuces Are Wild"" is a song performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith."
WSKG-TV, virtual channel 46 (UHF digital channel 31), is a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member television station licensed to Binghamton, New York, United States.
Hoys Roadlines was an Australian bus operator based in the Victorian city of Wangaratta.
Eleven Minutes (Portuguese: Onze Minutos) is a 2003 novel by Brazilian novelist Paulo Coelho that recounts the experiences of a young Brazilian prostitute and her journey to self-realisation through sexual experience.
Maximiliano Chirivino (born ) is an Argentine male volleyball player. He is part of the Argentina men's national volleyball team.
Jim Unger (21 January 1937 – 26 May 2012) was a British-born Canadian cartoonist, best known for his syndicated comic strip Herman which ran for 18 years in 600 newspapers in 25 countries.
The Dar Rapid Transit Agency (DART) is an executive agency of Tanzania with the mandate to establish and operate a bus rapid transit system in Dar es Salaam.
Sanjay Gagnani is an Indian television and film actor.
I Love You in All the Languages in the World (Italian: Ti amo in tutte le lingue del mondo) is a 2005 Italian film directed by Leonardo Pieraccioni.
"""I Will"" is a song written by Dave Pahanish and Rory Feek, and recorded by American country music artist Jimmy Wayne."
The Adventures of Captain Hatteras (French: Voyages et aventures du capitaine Hatteras) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne in two parts: The English at the North Pole (French: Les Anglais au pôle nord) and The desert of ice (French: Le Désert de glace).
The Ghana Revolution is a 2012 documentary film produced by Zuriel Oduwole.
WRYT is a radio station broadcasting out of Edwardsville, Illinois with a Catholic format.
Moore was born in Benenden, Kent, and educated at Cranbrook School, Kent, after passing his eleven-plus which was also the school of fellow commentators Peter West and Barry Davies. Brian Moore began his career in newspapers.
"""Two Less Lonely People in the World"" is a hit song by Australian soft rock band Air Supply from their 1982 album Now and Forever."
Bogatha Waterfall is a waterfall located on the Cheekupally stream, Wazeedu Mandal, Mulugu district, Telangana.
The Search is a 2014 French drama film written, directed, produced and co-edited by Michel Hazanavicius and co-produced by Thomas Langmann.
From 1933 to 1940 Marcuse lived in France, settling with other German exiles in Sanary-sur-Mer. From 1940 to 1950 he lived in Los Angeles. He returned to Germany at the end of his life.
Musików [muˈɕikuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomyśl nad Sanem, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Monster Ark is a television film that first aired on the Sci-Fi Channel on . It was directed by Declan O'Brien and Renee O'Connor, Tim DeKay and Tommy Lister starred.
{{Infobox comics character and title | character_name = normalman | image = Normalman.jpg | caption = Cover to the Complete normalman trade paperback, with Captain Everything carrying normalman by Jim Valentino.
Popcorn Khao! Mast Ho Jao (English: Eat Popcorn and Enjoy) is a 2004 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Kabir Sadanand and starring Akshay Kapoor, Tanishaa Mukerji, Rashmi Nigam and Yash Tonk.
María José Bueno Márquez (born 1964), better known as Pepa Bueno, is a Spanish journalist, currently host of the well-known radio show Hoy por hoy in Cadena SER.
The Scions of Shannara is a fantasy novel by American writer Terry Brooks.
Something Worth Leaving Behind is the fourth studio album from American country music singer Lee Ann Womack, released in 2002.
Bystra-Osiedle () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
TNGHT is a musical duo consisting of Scottish producer Hudson Mohawke and Canadian producer Lunice, formed in 2011.
Khatun Mordeh (Persian: خاتون مرده‎, also Romanized as Khātūn Mordeh) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Emil Benedict Zilliacus (January 11, 1921 – January 28, 2013) was a Swedish-speaking Finnish journalist, author, scriptwriter and translator. Zilliacus was born in Helsinki, Finland.
Hou Yibo (born 23 July 1991) is a Chinese team handball goalkeeper.
Science Friction is an album by saxophonist Tim Berne which was recorded in 2001 and released on Berne's Screwgun label.
Pedro María Iguaran Arandia (2 July 1940 – 16 January 2015) commonly known as Pello Iguaran was a Spanish football defender. Iguaran played for Deportivo Alavés in the 1963-1964 season.
The Sunday Football League, SFL (lith: Sekmadienio Futbolo Lyga) is an amateur association football level 5 league in Lithuania.
Ilarion Ciobanu (; 28 October 1931 in Ciucur, Tighina County, Romania (now Moldova) – 7 September 2008 in Bucharest, Romania) was a Romanian actor.
Guns is a Canadian television miniseries that aired on CBC Television in 2008. Directed by Sudz Sutherland and written by Sutherland and Jennifer Holness, the miniseries explores the issue of gun violence in Canada.
Goodbye Charlie Bright is a 2001 comedy-drama film directed by Nick Love and starring Paul Nicholls, Roland Manookian and Danny Dyer.
The San Francesco al Prato Resurrection is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Pietro Perugino, dating to c. 1499.
Alvirabad (, also Romanized as Alvīrābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District, Jafarabad District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.
Ebba the Movie is a documentary film of Swedish punk band Ebba Grön from 1982, by director and writer Johan Donner.
Tevfik Burak Babaoğlu (born 11 May 1993) is a Turkish foil fencer.
Geraldine Hughes (born 1970) is an actress from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
His Mother's Boy is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Ella Stuart Carson.
Floating Life is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by Clara Law about a Hong Kong family who move to Australia.
Manolis Xexakis (Greek: Μανόλης Ξεξάκης) (born 1948 in Rethymnon, Crete) is a Greek poet and prose writer.
Evgenia Smolyaninova (Russian: Евгения Валерьевна Смольянинова, born 29 February 1964 in Novokuznetsk) is a Russian singer, performer of Russian romance and folk songs and composer.
Hullahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Kochcice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kochanowice, within Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
AudioLock is a music-specific anti-piracy service founded in 2010 by former DJ and electronic music producer Ben Rush.
Rohit Khandelwal (born 19 August 1989), is an Indian model, actor, television personality, winner of Mr India 2015 and the first ever Asian to be crowned Mister World in the 2016 contest.
Čukarica (Serbian Cyrillic: Чукарица, pronounced [t͡ʃukǎrit͡sa]) is a municipality of the city of Belgrade.
Gail Simone is an American writer of comic books.
Brian Cook (born July 16, 1977) is an American bass guitarist currently in the bands Russian Circles and Sumac.
Budy Kaleńskie [ˈbudɨ kaˈlɛɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Giacomo Biffi (13 June 1928 – 11 July 2015) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
Bon Gowd (, also Romanized as Bon-e Gowd and Bongowd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Sacquenville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
The Abbott and Costello Show is an American television sitcom starring the popular comedy team of Bud Abbott and Lou Costello.
XL Recordings is a British independent record label founded in 1989 by Tim Palmer and Nick Halkes.
North Carolina Highway 130 (NC & nbsp;130) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
Richard Chenevix (1698 – 11 September 1779) was Bishop of Waterford and Lismore.
Gallatin High School (GHS) is one of two public high schools in Gallatin, Tennessee.
Wilkau-Haßlau is a town in the Zwickau district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
The Painting Pool (Persian: حوض نقاشی‎, translit. Hoze Naghashi) is a 2013 Iranian drama film written and directed by Maziar Miri.
Igor Milić (born October 5, 1972 in Osijek) Croatian musician, instrumentalist, singer, record producer, arranger, composer and music teacher.
Sylvana Lorenz (born February 14, 1953) is a French art dealer, writer and artist in charge of communication for Pierre Cardin space since 1998.
Antonio Cayetano Rivera Ordóñez (born January 13, 1977 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish torero or 'bullfighter'.
Rama Vaidyanathan in 2009 Rama Vaidyanathan is an Indian bharatnatyam artist from Delhi.
Jabu Khanyile (28 February 1957 – 12 November 2006) was a South African musician and lead vocalist from the band Bayete.
"The Connecticut Audubon Society, founded in 1898 and headquartered in Fairfield, Connecticut, is a nonprofit organization dedicated to "" conserving Connecticut’s environment through science-based education and advocacy focused on the state’s bird populations and habitats. ""."
Candan Yüceer (born 4 May 1973) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People's Party (CHP) who has served as a Member of Parliament for Tekirdağ since 12 June 2011.
Typhoon Xangsane, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Milenyo, was a typhoon that affected the Philippines, Vietnam, and Thailand during the 2006 Pacific typhoon season.
Portrait of John McLure Hamilton by Thomas Eakins, 1895. He was born in Philadelphia and began his art education at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, under Thomas Eakins.
Bill Scott was a college men's basketball coach and athletics administrator.
Fearless Tiger (called Black Pearls in some countries) is a 1991 Canadian martial arts movie, directed by Ron Hulme.
Jéssika Alves (born 26 March 1991) is a Brazilian actress who has participated in several telenovelas. Jéssika Alves was born in Curitiba, Paraná state.
Without Witness (Russian: Без свидетелей, translit. Bez svideteley) also known as Private Conversation is a 1983 Soviet drama film directed by Nikita Mikhalkov.
The Municipality of Kobarid (pronounced [kɔbaˈɾiːt]; Slovene: Občina Kobarid) is a municipality in the Upper Soča Valley in western Slovenia, near the Italian border.
Alummoodan was a Malayalam film actor.
Live at Orion is a 1999 live album by Californian progressive rock band Djam Karet.
Comedy Champions is a comedy show that started airing from 15 March 2008 on Sahara One channel after its great success of Season 1.
Thenathoor is a small village, population of 5000, located 16 kilometers from Thodupuzha, Kerala, India.
Jonatán Hajdu (born 28 June 1996) is a Hungarian olympic canoeist.
The 2015 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship Final, the deciding game of the 2015 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship, was a hurling match played on 5 July 2015 at Croke Park, Dublin, contested by Galway and Kilkenny.
Denny Delk (May 28, 1950) is an American actor and voice actor.
Terrence Sinapati is an American Samoa national team player Match report: American Samoa - Samoa who also plays for PanSa East FC as a midfielder.
Coordinates: 23°32′39″S 46°40′55″W﻿ / ﻿23.54417°S 46.68194°W﻿ / -23.54417; -46.68194 MTV Brasil was a Brazilian free-to-air television network owned by Grupo Abril focused on the youth.
James Charles Dickinson (born May 23, 1999) is an American Internet personality, beauty YouTuber and make-up artist.
Sayyid Baraka (1343 & ndash;1403) was a holy man of the commercial city of Tirmidh, and spiritual teacher and friend to the 14th century Central Asian conqueror Timur.
Reading Writing (French: En lisant en écrivant) is a 1980 book by the French writer Julien Gracq.
Ostrzeniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Why He Gave Up is a 1911 American short silent comedy film starring Fred Mace and Mabel Normand. The film was co-directed by Mack Sennett and Henry Lehrman and shot in Huntington, Long Island.
Patrick Obasi (15 May 1951 – 16 October 2012), popularly known as Patty Obasi, was a Nigerian gospel recording artist.
The gravestone of Norwegian writer Alf Larsen (1885–1967) in the churchyard/garveyard/cemetery outside Tjøme kirke, a Lutheran church on the island of Tjøme in Færder Municipality, Norway.
Haceby is a hamlet in the civil parish of Newton and Haceby in the district of North Kesteven, Lincolnshire, England.
Kazi Farms Group' is one of the biggest businesses of the poultry industry in Bangladesh. Kazi Zahedul Hasan, the Managing Director, was awarded Business Person Of The Year for 2004 in Bangladesh.
Kuźnica Słupska [kuʑˈnit͡sa ˈswupska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęka Opatowska, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Sota Kasahara (笠原 宗太, Kasahara Sota, born May 9, 1976) is a former Japanese football player. Kasahara was born in Gunma Prefecture on May 9, 1976.
Ebrahim Hatamikia (Persian: ابراهیم حاتمی‌کیا‎, romanized: Ebrāhīm Ḥātamīkīā) (born 23 September 1961) is an Iranian Film director, Screenwriter, Cinematographer and Actor.
CX 12 Radio Oriental is a Uruguayan Spanish-language AM radio station broadcasting from La Paz city in Canelones, its studios are located in Montevideo and its signal can be heard from the whole country and some cities from Argentina and Brazil.
The Western Corridor is a road in Christchurch, New Zealand which connects the suburb of Belfast, New Zealand in the north to Hornby in the south and connects the Canterbury region to Christchurch Airport.
Shark River is a 1953 American Florida Western adventure film directed by John Rawlins and written by Louis Lantz and Lewis Meltzer.
The Revolt of the Slaves () is a 1960 Italian film directed by Nunzio Malasomma.
It's a Small World is a 1935 screwball comedy film starring Spencer Tracy and Wendy Barrie, directed by Irving Cummings.
Boldbaataryn Bütekh-Üils (; born February 10, 1990 in Ulaanbaatar) is a Mongolian swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.
The Gathering is the title of a studio album released by the Caribbean Jazz Project on June 11, 2002.
Danilo Donati (April 6, 1926 - December 1, 2001) was an Italian costume designer and production designer.
Jean Richard (18 April 1921 – 12 December 2001) was a French actor, comedian, and circus entrepreneur.
left|Poster Henri Thiriet aka Henry Thiriet (1873-1946) was a prolific French poster artist, book illustrator and painter.
Øystein Aarseth (Norwegian: [ˈœ̀ʏstæɪn ˈɔ̀ʂət]; 22 March 1968 – 10 August 1993), better known by his stage name Euronymous, was a Norwegian musician. Euronymous was a founder of and central figure in the early Norwegian black metal scene.
Threatcon Delta is the debut studio album by American heavy metal vocalist Neil Turbin.
Carlos Zárate Serna (born May 23, 1951 in Tepito, a borough of Mexico City) is a retired Mexican boxer.
Eric Johnson, of the Royal Radar Establishment, located in Malvern, England, described his work on capacitive touchscreens in a short article published in 1965 and then more fully—with photographs and diagrams—in an article published in 1967.
Sanderson High School is a public high school located in Sanderson, Texas (USA).
George Chang or Chang Tsan-hung (Chinese: 張燦鍙; pinyin: Zhāng Cànhòng; Wade–Giles: Chāng Tsàn-hùng; born 1 March 1936) is a Taiwanese politician and independence activist.
National University of Study and Research in Law Academic Block National University of Study and Research in Law (NUSRL) is a National Law University located in Ranchi, Jharkhand, India.
Bussières-et-Pruns is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Yamata is a 1919 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Emil Fenyvessy, Ila Lóth and Gábor Rajnay.
Thekkan Kattu is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by R. S. Prabhu. The film stars Madhu, Sharada, Sukumari and KPAC Lalitha in the lead roles.
"The Sarawak National Party known by its acronym as "" SNAP "" , is now a defunct political party in Malaysia."
Joseph Langlois (15 April 1909 – 19 November 1964) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada. Born in Varennes, Quebec, he was a notary by career.
The Apache Chief () is a 1920 German silent comedy film directed by Fred Sauer and starring Friedrich Zelnik, Wilhelm Diegelmann and Lya Mara.
Phenomenal Woman: Four Poems Celebrating Women is a book of poems by Maya Angelou, published in 1995.
Cha In-pyo (; born October 14, 1967) is a South Korean actor.
Total Immersion Racing is a 2002 racing game that covers three types of car classes: GT, GTS and PRO (Prototype) and involves racing on both real-world and imaginary circuits.
Tivala (born 3rd-century BC), also referred to as Tivara, was a son of Maurya Emperor Ashoka from his second queen, Karuvaki.
Ben Coutts (born 15 August 1979 in Canberra) is an Australian rugby union footballer, currently signed with Australian franchise, the Queensland Reds, who play in the international Super Rugby tournament.
Kavalipatti is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. At the 2001 census, Kavalipatti had a total population of 4120 with 2018 males and 2102 females.
The British Grand Prix 2014 is the 2014's British Grand Prix (squash), which is a tournament of the PSA World Tour event International (Prize money : 70 000 $).
Marina Núñez del Prado (17 October 1910 – 9 September 1995) was a celebrated Bolivian sculptor. Marina Núñez del Prado was one of the most respected sculptors from Latin America.
CKCQ-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 100.3 FM in Quesnel, British Columbia.
Benno Frederick Toermer (Törmer), (4 July 1804 & ndash; 6 February 1859) was a painter. He was born and educated in Dresden, Saxony, in what is now Germany.
Abbasabad-e Rostamabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād-e Rostamābād; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Khalazir Rural District, Aftab District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.
The Red Thread is the fifth solo album by New York singer-songwriter Lucy Kaplansky, released in 2004.
Latyrx is an American alternative hip hop duo consisting of Lateef the Truthspeaker and Lyrics Born.
Neo Beng Siang (Chinese: 梁明祥; pinyin: liáng míng xiáng) is a professional basketball coach from Singapore.
José Mercé (born José Soto Soto in 1955 in Santiago, Jerez de la Frontera, Spain) is a Spanish flamenco singer (cantaor).
KLOA (1240 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a sports format, licensed to and serving Ridgecrest, California, United States.
Grand Belial's Key (GBK) is a black metal band founded in Oakton, Virginia in 1992 by guitarist Gelal Necrosodomy and vocalist Lord Vlad Luciferian.
Opher Etzion is an Israeli author and computer scientist.
Close Enough for Love is a 1979 studio album by jazz singer Peggy Lee.
Leonardo Mocenigo (died 1623) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Ceneda (1599–1623).
Telegraphs were an alternative rock band based in Brighton, England. Formed in 2005, Telegraphs was made up of members Darcy Harrison (vocals), Hattie Williams (bass/vocals), Sam Bacon (drums), Darren LeWarne (guitar) and Aung Yay (also known as Gary Yay) (guitar/backing vocals).
Foosackly's (stylized as foosackly's) is a chain of chicken restaurants in coastal Alabama and Northwest Florida. Foosackly's was co-founded by Will Fusaiotti and Eric Bechtel.
Cheshmeh-ye Gholamali (Persian: چشمه غلامعلي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Gholām‘alī) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Nicholas Hammond is an English ornithologist and author, and a former director of the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
The Four-Faced Liar is a 2010 comedy-drama-romance film directed by Jacob Chase.
Rodrigo Borja Cevallos (born June 19, 1935) is an Ecuadorian politician who was President of Ecuador from August 10, 1988 to August 10, 1992.
Xi'an Shiyou University ( Abbreviation: XSYU) is a university in Xi'an, China.
Afterwards () is a 2008 English-language psychological thriller film directed by Gilles Bourdos and starring Romain Duris, John Malkovich and Evangeline Lilly.
Pwa Saw of Thitmahti (, or ) was the chief queen consort of King Kyawswa, and of King Saw Hnit of the Pagan Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar).
Šipačina is a village in the municipality of Raška, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 252 people.
A Midsummer Night's Gene is a science fiction parody novel of Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream, written by Andrew Harman and published in 1997 by Random House.
Szczepidło [ʂt͡ʂɛˈpidwɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Sumberjaya, a village in Tegal Buleud District Tegal Buleud is a coastal district within Sukabumi Regency in West Java (Indonesia), about 90 & nbsp;km (60 mil) south of the city of Sukabumi.
Love Is the Song We Sing: San Francisco Nuggets 1965–1970 is the fourth Nuggets box set released by Rhino Records.
Riđevštica is a village in the municipality of Trstenik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 515 people.
Anson Green Phelps (March 24, 1781 – November 30, 1853) was an American entrepreneur and business man from Connecticut.
Serby () () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
"The West Side Kid is a 1943 American crime film directed by George Sherman and starring Don ""Red"" Barry, Henry Hull, Dale Evans, Chick Chandler, Matt McHugh and Nana Bryant."
Pedda Gollapalem is a village in Nidamarru hamlet, Kruthivennu mandal, located in Krishna district on the sea coast of Bay of Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Armik Dashchi, professionally known as Armik, is an Iranian-Armenian American New Flamenco guitarist, producer and composer.
Grace Greenwood Ames (born Brooklyn, January 15, 1905 – died New York City, July 21, 1979) was an American artist and social realism muralist.
Cu-Bop is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers with conguero Sabu recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Jubilee label.
Sarah Atereth is an American recording artist, singer, songwriter, dancer, choreographer and producer, known for her sultry vocal style, unique lyrics and dynamic dancing.
High Mileage is the seventh studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson.
Matt Keating is a singer/songwriter from Boston, Massachusetts, United States. His music has been described in terms of various genres, including Americana, power-pop, rock, and folk rock.
It's the Paris Life (French: C'est la vie parisienne) is a 1954 French comedy film directed by Alfred Rode and starring Claudine Dupuis, Philippe Lemaire and Raymond Bussières.
"Secrets and Lies, subtitled ""the anatomy of an anti-environmental PR campaign"", is a 1999 book by Nicky Hager and Bob Burton."
"Skitliv (Norwegian and Swedish for ""crap life"") is a Norwegian black-/doom metal band founded in 2005 by former Mayhem vocalist Maniac and Shining vocalist Niklas Kvarforth."
The Honorable Barbarian is a fantasy novel by American writer L.
The Clover Club Cocktail is a cocktail consisting of gin, lemon juice, raspberry syrup, and an egg white.
The Outsourced Self: Intimate Life in Market Times, by Arlie Russell Hochschild, was published in 2012.
Mary Katherine Goddard (June 16, 1738 – August 12, 1816) was an early American publisher, and the postmaster of the Baltimore Post Office from 1775 to 1789.
Thief River Falls Regional Airport (IATA: TVF, ICAO: KTVF, FAA LID: TVF) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Thief River Falls, a city in Pennington County, Minnesota, United States.
A Tesla coil is an electrical resonant transformer circuit designed by inventor Nikola Tesla in 1891.
Ri Hyon-ju (born 20 February 1996 in Pyongyang) is a North Korean diver.
These studies and his travels to mosques and Islamic schools around the country led to Muhammed al-Ahari to focus on the preservation of rare pieces of American Islamic Literature and the documenting of the presence of Muslims in the United States and Canada.
Prema Sangama () is a 1992 Indian Kannada romance film directed by Bhargav and written by Karaikudi Narayanan.
Pierre Jacques Antoine Béchamp (October 16, 1816 – April 15, 1908) was a French scientist now best known for breakthroughs in applied organic chemistry and for a bitter rivalry with Louis Pasteur.
Agatha of Lorraine (c. 1120 – April 1147) was the wife of Renaud III, Count of Burgundy. She was the daughter of Simon I, Duke of Lorraine and his wife Adelaide of Leuven.
Rahul Sharma is an Indian businessman, founder of Revolt Motors (India's First AI Motorcycle), YU Televentures and the co-founder of Micromax Informatics.
Changing All the Time is the second studio album by the English rock band Smokie, released in September 1975.
Word Ways: The Journal of Recreational Linguistics is a quarterly magazine on recreational linguistics, logology and word play.
Rachel Grady is an American film director and producer.
Narrative Magazine is an American online literary magazine that has been published since 2003.
The Crack in Space is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick.
It's 2 Easy is the second studio album Australian rock band the Easybeats.
Gordon Dallas (born 13 February 1959 in Durban) is a retired South African-American soccer defender who played three seasons in the North American Soccer League.
Broken Shadows is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman recorded in 1971, at the same sessions that produced Science Fiction, but not released on the Columbia label until 1982.
Sara Wiseman is a New Zealand born actress, best known for her roles in the television series Mercy Peak as Dr. Nicky Somerville, A Place to Call Home as Carolyn Bligh and The Cult as Annabelle Willis.
Today is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Galaxie 500, released in 1988 on Aurora Records.
IAAF World Challenge Beijing is an annual track and field competition held in Beijing, China, in May.
Kalitta Charters is an American charter airline based in Ypsilanti, Michigan, USA.
Wallace Fox (March 9, 1895 – June 30, 1958) was an American film director.
Come the Day is the fifth studio album by Australian group the Seekers.
The Inskip Formation is a geologic formation in eastern Pershing County, Nevada.
Batulovce is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 806 people.
Lisičji Jarak Airport (Serbian: Аеродром Лисичји Јарак / Aerodrom Lisičji Jarak) (ICAO: LYBJ) is located 13 km north from the city of Belgrade, near Padinska Skela, Serbia.
David Sigachev (, born 6 January 1989 in Moscow) is a Russian race car driver.
Where the West Begins is a 1938 American film directed by J.P.
Beauties on Bicycles (Italian: Bellezze in ) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Silvana Pampanini and Delia Scala.
Old Los Angeles is a 1948 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and written by Gerald Drayson Adams and Clements Ripley.
Scenes of Clerical Life is the title under which George Eliot's first published work of fiction, a collection of three short stories, was released in book form; it was the first of her works to be released under her famous pseudonym.
Nové Veselí is a market town (městys) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Tallman Airport is a private Airport located 4 miles northwest of Lebanon in Linn County, Oregon, USA.
The 2012 Bank of America 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on October 13, 2012, at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina.
When I Grow Up, I'll Be a Kangaroo (Serbian: Кад порастем бићу Кенгур, Kad porastem biću Kengur) is a 2004 Serbian comedy film directed by Radivoje Andrić, and released by Yodi Movie Craftsman.
Paradów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Peter's Room is a book by British children's author Antonia Forest, published in 1961.
Léon Barsacq (18 October 1906 & ndash; 23 December 1969) was a Russian-born and naturalized French production designer, art director and set decorator.
"The Mad King is a Ruritanian romance by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs, originally published in two parts as "" The Mad King "" and "" Barney Custer of Beatrice "" in All-Story Weekly, in 1914 and 1915, respectively."
"Harry Harris ( "" The Human Hairpin "" ; November 18, 1880 – June 5, 1959) was an American boxer."
Andrea Lisuzzo (born 26 January 1981) is a former Italian footballer. Born in Palermo, Lisuzzo started his career at hometown club Palermo.
Alberuela de Tubo is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2009 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 358 inhabitants.
The Ultimate Experience is a 1992 compilation album of songs by songwriter and guitarist Jimi Hendrix.
Saint-Rémy-Boscrocourt is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Yip-Yip is an experimental, electronic music duo from Winter Park, Florida formed in March 2001, known for their unique style combining aspects of electronica, ska, and jazz and for their eccentric costumes.
Anatol is a play by Austrian playwright Arthur Schnitzler, published in 1893.
Billy is the fourth album of noise rock band feedtime, released on March 23, 1996 by Amphetamine Reptile Records.
Louis Delluc (French: [dɛlyk]; 14 October 1890 – 22 March 1924) was an Impressionist French film director, screen writer and film critic.
Anos is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
Heartland is the fourth album by Celtic rock band Runrig.
Hiroshi Kashiwagi (November 8, 1922 – October 29, 2019) was a Nisei (second-generation Japanese American) poet, playwright and actor.
Compulsive Gamblers were an American garage rock group formed in Memphis, Tennessee, in 1990 by Greg Cartwright and Jack Yarber, both future members of the Oblivians.
Genesis is an album by American jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label.
WDIS (AM 1170) was a radio station licensed to Norfolk, Massachusetts.
Maria Whittaker (born 7 October 1968 in Hounslow, Middlesex) is an English former glamour model, Page 3 girl and singer.
Johann de Lange (born 22 December 1959 in Pretoria, Union of South Africa) is an Afrikaans poet, short story writer and critic.
Rick Yune (born August 22, 1971 as Richard Yun) is a Korean-American actor, screenwriter, producer, martial artist and former model.
Maurice Ordonneau (18 June 1854 – 14 November 1916) was a French dramatist and composer.
Mysore Doreswamy Madhusudan (Kannada: ಮೈಸೂರು ದೊರೆಸ್ವಾಮಿ ಮಧುಸೂದನ), Ph. D., is an Indian wildlife biologist and ecologist.
It is accepted today that Empress Jingū reigned as a regent until her son became Emperor Ōjin upon her death.
The War Merit Cross (German: Kriegsverdienstkreuz) was a military decoration of the Principality of Reuss.
Ashwamedh Devi (born 18 September 1967) is a politician and a Member of Parliament elected from the Ujiarpur constituency in the Indian state of Bihar being a Janata Dal (United) candidate.
Kim Sang-bum (; born July 7, 1989), known by the stage name Kim Bum, is a South Korean actor, dancer, singer and model.
""" Girl Out of the Ordinary "" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Beverley Mahood."
Darrell Dennis is an Aboriginal Canadian comedian, actor, screenwriter and radio personality from the Secwepemc Nation in the interior of British Columbia.
Men in Her Life is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring Lois Moran, Charles Bickford and Victor Varconi.
Michel Piron (born March 15, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
Olaf Johannessen is the son of theater instructor Eyðun Johannessen and brother of the actor Annika Johannessen.
Pietrusin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Energy Victory: Winning the War on Terror by Breaking Free of Oil is a 2007 book by Robert Zubrin.
John F. Bassett (February 5, 1939 – May 15, 1986) was a Canadian tennis player, businessman, and film producer.
Jean-David Levitte (born 14 June 1946) is a French diplomat who was France's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 2000 to 2002 and Ambassador to the United States from 2002 to 2007.
Everlasting Love (停不了的愛) is a 1984 Hong Kong romance drama film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau.
Timothy Figureido (born January 9, 1973) is a Bermudian footballer, who currently plays for Robin Hood. Figuereido began his career with Somerset Trojans, and played for the team for three years in the Bermudian Premier Division.
Johannes Joachim Degenhardt (31 January 1926 in Schwelm – 25 July 2002 in Paderborn) was the Archbishop of Paderborn, Germany, as well as a cardinal.
Rob (1939 – 18 January 1952) was a Collie dog who in February 1945 was awarded the Dickin Medal.
Charles Van Enger (29August 18904July 1980) was an American cinematographer.
Broken Lives (Spanish:Vidas rotas) is a 1935 Spanish drama film directed by Eusebio Fernández Ardavín and starring Lupita Tovar, Maruchi Fresno and Enrique Zabala.
Horror Rises from the Tomb (Spanish: El espanto surge de la tumba), is a 1972 Spanish horror film starring Paul Naschy and directed by Carlos Aured.
Jude is a 1996 British period drama film directed by Michael Winterbottom, and written by Hossein Amini, based on Thomas Hardy's 1895 novel Jude the Obscure.
The Short and Curlies is a 1987 short film written and directed by Mike Leigh.
Saint-André-sur-Orne (named Saint-André-de-Fontenay until 1911) is a village in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Rochelle Municipal Airport , also known as Koritz Field, is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 & nbsp;mi, 3.7 & nbsp;km) south of the central business district of Rochelle, a city in Ogle County, Illinois, United States.
"Patterson has a post office with ZIP code 28661. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Patterson, North Carolina ZIP Code Lookup ""National Register Information System""."
Joan Jameson (4 October 1892 – 22 September 1953) was an Irish artist, known for paintings of still-life, figures and landscapes.
SATSair was an air taxi provider based in Greenville, South Carolina, USA.
Gargoyles is one of Thomas Bernhard’s earliest novels, which made the author known both nationally and internationally.
Necrowretch is a French Death metal band from Valence, Rhône-Alpes; formed in 2008.
He was elevated to the cardinalate by Pope Francis in 2015. Dominique Mamberti was born in Marrakesh, Morocco, on 7 March 1952 and was ordained a priest of the Diocese of Ajaccio, France, on 20 September 1981.
Alain Bonnafous (born 21 June 1969) is a French former professional footballer who played as a centre-back. He started his career with Montpellier HSC and made 16 appearances in Ligue 1 for the club.
Delimeđe is a village in the municipality of Tutin, Serbia.
Olivo is the daughter of Danica d'Hondt, of Belgian and Irish descent, Miss Canada in 1959, and winemaker Nello Olivo, of Italian, Basque, Spanish and Chilean descent. America Olivo interview She is married to actor Christian Campbell.
Great Chart with Singleton is a civil parish in the Ashford District of Kent, England.
John G. Blystone (December 2, 1892 & ndash; August 6, 1938) was an American film director.
Songs My Brothers Taught Me is a 2015 American drama film written and directed by Chloé Zhao and produced by Zhao and Forest Whitaker.
Bunohan (also under the international title of Bunohan: Return to Murder) is a Malaysian drama thriller film, written and directed by Dain Iskandar Said and released in Malaysia on 8 March 2012.
Extended Play is an award winning 1982 short film written and directed by David Casci.
Partutovice (German: Bartelsdorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Přerov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
Matt Ouimet is travel executive, certified public accountant and executive chairman of Cedar Fair Entertainment Company, a publicly traded company that owns 11 amusement parks in the United States and Canada.
Amaravathi is a 1993 Tamil-language romance film directed by Selva.
Chama District with the headquarters at Chama is the largest and least-populated district of the Muchinga Province in Zambia and includes a large wilderness in the Upper Luangwa valley just north-east of the North Luangwa National Park.
Allegra Goodman (born 1967) is an American author based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The Age of Innocence is a 1993 American historical romantic drama film directed by Martin Scorsese.
Thomas Faucheron (born 23 February 1990, Rennes) is a French archer.
The Lagos State Ministry of Special Duties is the state government ministry, charged with the responsibility to plan, devise and implement the state policies on Special Duties.
The Yes Album is the third studio album by English progressive rock band Yes, released on 19 February 1971 by Atlantic Records.
Cessna Aircraft Field (IATA: CEA, ICAO: KCEA, FAA LID: CEA) is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southeast of the central business district of Wichita, in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States.
"Loss (, literary "" Unnecessary people "" ) is a 2008 Lithuanian psychological thriller film directed, co-written and co-produced by Latvian film director Māris Martinsons."
Christ Carrying the Cross (also Ecce Homo) is a 1505 oil painting attributed to either the Italian Renaissance master Titian or Giorgione.
Right Reverend Jacob Bastiampillai Deogupillai (9 April 1917 & ndash; 25 April 2003) was a Ceylon Tamil priest and Roman Catholic Bishop of Jaffna.
1927 are an Australian pop rock band formed in 1987 with James Barton on drums, Bill Frost on bass guitar, his brother Garry Frost on guitar and keyboards, and Eric Weideman on vocals, guitar and keyboards.
The Danger Mark is a lost 1918 American silent drama film directed by Hugh Ford and starring Elsie Ferguson.
Safet Berisha (11 November 1949 – 19 October 2016) was an Albanian football player who played for Lokomotiva Durrës and Partizani Tirana as well as the Albanian national team, where he earned 20 senior caps.
""" Cold Beer with Your Name on It "" is a song recorded by American country music artist Josh Thompson."
Neeta Dhungana () is an actress and a model associated with Nepalese film industry.
Percival Loines Pemberton (4 May 1875 – 11 June 1949), Pem to his friends, was a British philatelist and stamp dealer who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921.
Horseed (lit. lead or pioneer) is a political party based in Garowe, the administrative capital of the autonomous Puntland state in northeastern Somalia.
Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits package released by American country music artist Joe Diffie.
United Red Army (実録・連合赤軍 あさま山荘への道程, Jitsuroku Rengōsekigun Asama-Sansō e no Dōtei) is a 2007 film written, directed and produced by Kōji Wakamatsu.
Ejin Banner Taolai Airport (Chinese: 额济纳旗桃来机场) (IATA: EJN, ICAO: ZBEN) is a regional airport serving Ejin Banner in Inner Mongolia, China.
Wławie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Tantric Harmonies is Russian pioneering indie label started in early 2000. This label releases mostly tribal, ritualistic and ethnic based post-industrial music.
Deh-e Shul (Persian: ده شول‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Shūl) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
José Ignacio Valenzuela (Born April 29, 1972, Santiago de Chile, Chile) also known by the nickname Chascas, is a Chilean writer and screenwriter.
Brick Mower (sometimes stylized brick mower) are a punk rock band formed in 2009 in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Goczałkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Valbonne is a commune near Nice in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Gábor Csupó (/ˌɡɑːbɔːr ˈtʃuːpoʊ/ GAH-bor CHOO-poh, Hungarian: [ˈɡaːbor ˈtʃupoː]; born September 29, 1952) is a Hungarian–American animator, writer, director, producer and graphic designer.
The Bohlen Formation is a geologic formation in Germany.
Huliaipole (Ukrainian: Гуляйполе [ɦʊlʲɐjˈpɔle]; lit. ''walk-about field'') is a city in Zaporizhia Oblast, Ukraine.
Kill the Wolf is the fourth studio album from English comedian and musician Matt Berry.
Rachel Chalkowski (; born 1939) is an Israeli midwife and a gemach organizer. Widely known as Bambi, she is a Haredi Jew, and is married to Rabbi Moshe Chalkowski, founding principal of Neve Yerushalayim College for Women.
VoxelStorm Ltd is a British independent game development studio, video game publisher and music publisher. The company was founded by Eugene Hopkinson, and is based in England and Scotland.
The Gathering is the fourth album by guitarist Jon Madof's Rashanim trio featuring Shanir Ezra Blumenkranz and Mathias Kunzli which was released in 2009 on John Zorn's Tzadik Records as part of the Radical Jewish Culture Series.
Aghnahily Ringfort () is a ringfort (rath) and National Monument located in County Laois, Ireland.
Drop Out of Life is the second and final studio album by American pop punk band This Time Next Year.
Scott Tyner (born April 11, 1972 in Houston, Texas) is a former punter who played 5 seasons in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons.
The Wild Angels is a 1966 American outlaw biker film produced and directed by Roger Corman.
Heidi Hassenmüller is a German author who writes young adult literature. In 1989 she was awarded the Buxtehude Bull award for her book, Gute Nacht, Zuckerpüppchen.
Vero Beach High School (VBHS) is a 9-12 public high school in Vero Beach, Florida, United States that was established in 1925.
Reay Tannahill[pronunciation?] (9 December 1929 – 2 November 2007) was a British historian, non-fiction writer, and novelist, best known perhaps for two non-fiction bestsellers: Food in History and Sex in History.
Daniel Gallery (April 13, 1859 – November 9, 1920) was a Canadian politician. Born near Labasheeda, in Slievedooley, County Clare, Ireland, the son of Thomas Gallery and Mary O'Neill.
Canada Census Mother Tongue - Madawaska Parish, New Brunswick Responses.
Waganka [vaˈɡaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Modern Meat: Antibiotics, Hormones, and the Pharmaceutical Farm is a 1984 book by Orville Schell on intensive animal farming and antibiotic use in livestock.
Sudden Strike 3: Arms for Victory or Sudden Strike III is a real-time tactics computer games by Russian studio Fireglow Games set in World War II, the third game in the Sudden Strike series and the sequel to Sudden Strike 2.
Land (1975–2002) is a two disc compilation album by Patti Smith, released on March 19, 2002, on Arista Records.
"""If You Want Some"" is a song recorded by American country music artist Joel Crouse."
Chahar Qaleh (, also Romanized as Chahār Qal‘eh) is a village in Karaftu Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Gothika Vampyrika Heretika is the fourth solo studio album by Italian extreme metal vocalist Lord Vampyr, released on 21 September 2013 through Crank Music Group.
Masters of the Maze is a science fiction novel by American writer Avram Davidson, originally published in 1965 by Pyramid Books with a cover by John Schoenherr.
She Kicks is a women's football magazine published by Baltic Publications.
Sarkar 3 () is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language political crime thriller film directed by Ram Gopal Varma.
Magomed Musaev (born 11 March 1989) is a Russian-Kyrgyzstani heavyweight freestyle wrestler of Ingush origin.
Warwick, at age 85, died June 6, 1964 in West Los Angeles, California. Survivors included daughters Rosalind and Betsey, and two grandchildren.
The American Institute of Biological Sciences (AIBS) is a non-profit scientific association that is dedicated to advancing biological research and education.
Qeshlaq-e Kareh (, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Kāreh) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.
Ormayude Arakal (The Cells of Memory) is a collection of memoirs by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer originally serialised in Chandrika Weekly and published as a book by National Book Stall in 1973.
Alexey Smirnov (born October 9, 1977) is a male table tennis player from Russia.
Sreekrishnapurathe Nakshathrathilakkam (transl. Star-light in Sreekrishnapuram) is a 1998 Indian Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Rajasenan.
Kovačina (Serbian Cyrillic: Ковачина) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Joanna Rees (born November 14, 1961 in Montclair, New Jersey) is a venture capitalist who founded Venture Strategy Partners and VSP Capital in San Francisco, California.
Antitrust (also titled Conspiracy.com and Startup) is a 2001 techno thriller film written by Howard Franklin and directed by Peter Howitt.
Rothenberg Ventures, known briefly as Frontier Technology Venture Capital, was an American venture capital firm based in San Francisco, California, and founded in 2012 by Mike Rothenberg.
Alan Stivell (born Alan Cochevelou on 6 January 1944) is a Breton and Celtic musician and singer, recording artist, and master of the Celtic harp.
Lady Whirlwind a.k.a. Deep Thrust () is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Huang Feng, starring Angela Mao.
Radičevci is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad, Serbia.
WOOZ-FM (99.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Harrisburg, Illinois, United States, the station serves the Marion-Carbondale (IL) area.
Mutlu Topçu (born 16 November 1970 in Bursa) is a Turkish football coach and a former player. He played his first game for Turkey against Iceland on 12 October 1994.
A. F. Golam Osmani (1 April 1933 – 31 March 2009) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Barpeta constituency of Assam and was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
Puerto Rico Airport (, ) is a public airport serving Puerto Rico, in the Pando Department of Bolivia.
"Hazel Kaneswaran is an Irish recording artist, singer-songwriter and television personality who has been involved in the Irish music industry since 1996. ""."
Yann Piat (12 June 1949 – 25 February 1994) was a French politician.
William Michael Coleman (born July 8, 1992), professionally known as Mike Zombie, is an American rapper and record producer from Willingboro Township, New Jersey.
People, States and Fear: The National Security Problem in International Relations was a 1983 work by Barry Buzan.
The Nova Scotia Liberal Party is a socially liberal, fiscally conservative political party in Nova Scotia, Canada. The party currently forms government in Nova Scotia, under the leadership of Premier Stephen McNeil.
René Guilleré (16 August 1878 – 24 November 1931) was a French lawyer who founded the Ateliers Primavera, which made decorative art objects.
William Thomas Buckland was born on 5 September 1798 in Wraysbury now in Berkshire, England, in the house on Longbridge Farm where he later lived, and where he died on 1 November 1870.
Valdeprados is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 63 inhabitants.
Kamenná () is a village and municipality (obec) in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
I Hate Valentine's Day is a 2009 romantic comedy film written and directed by Nia Vardalos.
Machnatka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Fahmida Khatun is a Bangladeshi economist who focuses on policy analysis and project management.
Elly Joenara (Perfected Spelling: Elly Yunara; 3 November 1923 & nbsp;– 30 May 1992) was an Indonesian film actress who later became a producer. She was the wife of producer Djamaluddin Malik.
Gierłoż Polska () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Bag Raiders are an Australian electronic music duo founded in 2006 by Jack Glass and Chris Stracey.
What a Week Omnibus Books 4-6 is the second omnibus in What a Week series by Rosie Rushton.
Izbice [izˈbit͡sɛ] (German: Stuben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Fort Loudoun (or Fort Loudon, after the modern spelling of the town) was a fort in colonial Pennsylvania, one of several forts in colonial America named after John Campbell, 4th Earl of Loudoun.
Făgăraș Mountains (Romanian: Munții Făgărașului [ˈmuntsij fəɡəˈraʃuluj]; Hungarian: Fogarasi-havasok) are the highest mountains of the Southern Carpathians, in Romania.
Damian Ciechanowski (born 3 April 1996) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Olimpia Grudziądz.
IF Göta is a sports club in Karlstad, Sweden, founded in 1904.
KFST-FM is an FM radio station broadcasting on 94.3FM. KFST-FM plays the latest country hits and TSN Radio (Texas State Network) news at the top of the hour with local and area news at 7:15am 12:00pm and 5:00pm Monday-Friday.
Rácovice is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Belfast Municipal Airport (ICAO: KBST, FAA LID: BST) is a public use airport in Waldo County, Maine, United States.
The Painted House (Malayalam title:Chaayam Poosiya Veedu) is a 2015 Indian Malayalam drama film directed by brothers Santosh Babusenan and Satish Babusenan.
Silent Hill is a 2006 psychological horror film directed by Christophe Gans and written by Roger Avary, Gans, and Nicolas Boukhrief.
Anna Boleyn, also known as Deception, is a 1920 German historical film directed by Ernst Lubitsch.
Jackee Budesta Batanda is a Ugandan journalist, writer and entrepreneur.
Pioneer Valley Academy, located in New Braintree Massachusetts, opened its doors in September 1965 as a coed boarding school operated by the Southern New England Conference of Seventh-day Adventists.
Bernard Claesen Speirdyke, also called Barnard or Bart Speirdyke, (fl. 1663 & ndash;1670) was a 17th-century Dutch buccaneer.
Chiperceni is a commune in Orhei District, Moldova.
Lowriders is a 2016 American drama film directed by Ricardo de Montreuil, written by Elgin James and Cheo Hodari Coker, and starring Demián Bichir, Gabriel Chavarria, Theo Rossi, Melissa Benoist, Tony Revolori and Eva Longoria.
The Melodeers are an all-female, a cappella barbershop harmony chorus based in the metropolitan Chicago area. Founded in 1960 in Deerfield, Illinois, the Melodeers Chorus is an a cappella chorus of female singers who sing in the barbershop style.
George Raff (15 April 1815 & mdash;28 August 1889) was a merchant, sugar grower and politician born in Forres, Morayshire, Scotland who spent a substantial part of his life in Australia.
Una McLean MBE (born 12 January 1930 in Strathaven, Scotland) is a Scottish actress and comedian.
The Tokyo Sports Film Award for Special Film Award is an award given at the Tokyo Sports Film Award. This award is established in 2004.
Mamaroneck High School is a public school located in Mamaroneck, New York.
A Glimmer of Hope is the second studio album by Norwegian roots rock group El Cuero, released in October 2008.
Søre Øyane is a village in the municipality of Bjørnafjorden in Vestland county, Norway.
Born in Edinburgh, the Hon. Adam Duncan was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge. His children included his heir Robert.
Andrés Zuno, (born November 7, 1982) is a Mexican actor and singer.
Song Hae-sung (born October 11, 1964) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.
Jalal Hassan Hachem (Arabic: جلال حسن حاجم‎; born 18 May 1991 in Baghdad) is an Iraqi football goalkeeper playing for Al-Zawraa in Iraq and the Iraqi football team.
Šljivoševci is a village in Croatia.
Ibrahim Adil Shah I (1534–1558) was a Sultan and later Shah of the Indian kingdom of Bijapur.
Roozbeh Shahalidoost (born May 21, 1986) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Saipa in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
Ultra is the ninth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode.
Shai Halevi (; born 1966) is a computer scientist who works in the cryptography research group at IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center. Born in Israel in 1966, Halevi received a B.A.
Madonna: An Intimate Biography is a book by American author J.
"Chispita (""Little Spark"") is an album from the soap opera Chispita starring by Lucerito."
Dagan Yivzori (Hebrew: דגן יבזורי‎; born October 15, 1985) is an Israeli basketball player who last played for Ironi Nahariya of the Israeli Premier League.
KUDL (106.5 FM) is a radio station in Sacramento, California.
Mowtowr Pamp-e Abiyari (, also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Ābīyārī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Zoe Rahman (born 20 January 1971) is an English jazz composer and pianist.
Les Roches Jin Jiang International Hotel Management College (LRJJ), founded in 2004, is a private college in Shanghai, P.R.
Pierre-Marie Rudelle in 2009 Trompe l'oeil by Pierre-Marie Rudelle in Jackie Kennedy dressing room Pierre-Marie Rudelle (18 June 1932, Paris – 28 December 2015, Paris) was a French artist painter who specialized in trompe l'oeil.
Nazish Pratapgarhi (1924–1981) was an Urdu poet from India, who was known for his thoughts and ability to create contact between himself and lovers of Urdu poetry.
Haroon Lorgat (; born 26 May 1960) is a South African businessman and chartered accountant.
Damien Meslot (born November 11, 1964 in Belfort) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
"KBIU (103.3 FM, ""Hot 103.3"") is a radio station licensed to Lake Charles, Louisiana."
John Olive, (born March 1, 1955) is a former American basketball player and coach. Olive attended Bishop Eustace Preparatory School, in Pennsauken, New Jersey, then played collegiate basketball at Villanova University, where he graduated in 1977.
Soldiers of Fortune is a lost The Library of Congress/FIAF American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:Soldiers of Fortune 1919 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Wallace Beery.
Robert Henderson Blyth (21 May 1919-18 May 1970) was a Scottish landscape painter and artist.
Ekkattuthangal, also known as Ekkaduthangal or Ekkatuthangal, is a neighborhood in Chennai city, Tamil Nadu, India.
Elias Magnus Fries FRS FRSE FLS RAS (15 August 1794 – 8 February 1878) was a Swedish mycologist and botanist. Fries was born at Femsjö (Hylte Municipality), Småland, the son of the pastor there.
Wólka Radzymińska [ˈvulka rad͡zɨˈmiɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieporęt, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Aseleben is a village and a former municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
FatLip Recordings was an independent record label owned, operated and releasing music by the band Curve.
Lew Fields (born Moses Schoenfeld, January 1867 – July 20, 1941) was an American actor, comedian, vaudeville star, theatre manager, and producer.
Mireille Dargent (born 1951) is a French film actress.
Screenshot of X-Moto 0.5.12. X-Moto is a free and open source 2D motocross platform game developed for Linux, FreeBSD, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows, where physics play an all important role in the gameplay.
Kim Jun-hyun (Korean: 김준현; born 16 November 1980), is a South Korean comedian, signed under JDB Entertainment.
Enrico Porro (16 January 1885 & ndash; 14 March 1967) was an Italian Greco-Roman wrestler and Olympic champion.
Paris Qualles (pronounced kwal'-less: born December 5, 1951) is an American screenwriter and television producer.
Al Wajh (Arabic: الوجه‎), also written Al Wejh, is a coastal city in north-western Saudi Arabia, situated on the coast of the Red Sea.
Banne is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southern France.
Come in un'ultima cena is the sixth studio album by Italian progressive rock band Banco del Mutuo Soccorso.
"The Overlook Press is an American publishing house based in New York, New York, that considers itself "" a home for distinguished books that had been 'overlooked' by larger houses "" ."
Going Rogue: An American Life (2009) is a personal and political memoir by politician Sarah Palin, former governor of Alaska and 2008 Republican candidate for U.S. Vice President on the ticket with Senator John McCain.
Oath of Vengeance is a 1944 American western film directed by Sam Newfield.
""" Looking Through Your Eyes "" is the lead single for the Quest for Camelot soundtrack by American country pop recording artist LeAnn Rimes."
Ron Rash (born September 25, 1953), an American poet, short story writer and novelist, is the Parris Distinguished Professor in Appalachian Cultural Studies at Western Carolina University.
James Leonard Hamilton (born August 4, 1948) is an American basketball coach and the current men's basketball head coach at Florida State University.
Mary C. Noble (born 1949 in Jackson, Kentucky) is the current Secretary of the Kentucky Justice and Public Safety Cabinet and a former Deputy Chief Justice of the Kentucky Supreme Court.
Houilles (French pronunciation: ​[uj]) is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Aaj Ki Taaqat is a 1992 Hindi film directed and starred by Anil Nagrath along with Upasna Singh in the lead roles.
Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah (ゴジラvsキングギドラ, Gojira tai Kingu Gidora) is a 1991 Japanese kaiju film written and directed by Kazuki Ōmori and produced by Shōgo Tomiyama.
Melih Mahmutoğlu (born 12 May 1990) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays and captains Fenerbahçe of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Brown gave birth to a baby girl, Angel Iris Murphy Brown, on Murphy's 46th birthday, April 3, 2007.
Haroon Shahid is a Pakistani singer-songwriter, music composer and actor.
Lithuanian University of Health Sciences (Lithuanian: Lietuvos sveikatos mokslų universitetas, LSMU) is a medical school in Kaunas, Lithuania.
Stages is a compilation album by Eric Clapton.
Breakaway is the second studio album by American singer Kelly Clarkson, released on November 30, 2004, by RCA Records.
The Root is a liberal African-American-oriented online magazine. It was launched on January 28, 2008, by Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Donald E. Graham.
The Plot Thickens is the third studio album by United Kingdom acid jazz group Galliano.
Klokočí is a village and municipality (obec) in Přerov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
Krzyżno [ˈkʂɨʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
KRFF-LP (95.9 FM) is a non-profit low power radio station broadcasting in Fargo, North Dakota (licensed to serve the community of Moorhead, Minnesota), airing a DJ Selected format.
is a Japanese singer, songwriter, actor and tarento under Johnny & Associates and Pony Canyon. Marius Yo was born on March 30, 2000.
Scarlett Ingrid Johansson (/dʒoʊˈhænsən/; born November 22, 1984) is an American actress and singer.
"She is the mother of model and socialite Brittny Gastineau (her co-star on Gastineau Girls) and the ex-wife of NFL player Mark Gastineau. ( "" Lisa Gastineau isn't such a fan of her E!."
Knowing How to Know is a book by the writer Idries Shah published posthumously by Octagon Press in 1998.
Lezerea (Cornish: Lysgre, meaning herd's ruin) is a farmstead near Wendron in Cornwall, England, UK.
The Sun Journal is a newspaper published in Lewiston, Maine, US, which covers the west of Maine.
WKLO 96.9 FM is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Hardinsburg, Indiana, the station serves the Paoli, Indiana area, and is owned by Hembree Communications, Inc. WKLO is operated by Diamond Shores Broadcasting through an LMA.
Seven Up is the third studio album by German krautrock band Ash Ra Tempel and their only album recorded in collaboration with American psychologist/drug advocate Timothy Leary.
Limerzel () is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Back o' Cairns: : The Story of Gold Prospecting in the Far North is a 1958 autobiographical book by Ion Idriess.
Sir Edward Frankland, KCB, FRS, FRSE (18 January 1825 – 9 August 1899) was a British chemist.
Private Violence premiered in the U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19, 2014, where it won the Candescent Award.
Alvin McBurney (July 1, 1908 – February 24, 2004), known by his stage name Alvino Rey, was an American jazz guitarist and bandleader.
Madonna in Glory with Seraphim is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, executed c. 1469–1470.
Akpan Hogan Ekpo (born 26 June 1954) is a Nigerian Economist and Professor.
Thaer Krouma also spelled Thaer Kroma () (born 2 February 1990 in Homs, Syria) is a Syrian footballer who plays for Al-Jaish in the Syrian Premier League.
Best Fiction is the third greatest hits album by Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro, and the final greatest hits release under her Avex Trax, her record company since 1995.
The October 1997 North American storm complex was a blizzard and tornado outbreak that affected the Northwest, Rockies, much of the Midwest and Deep south.
Mama Tried is the seventh studio album by American country music singer and songwriter Merle Haggard and The Strangers, released on Capitol Records in 1968.
Ronildo Pereira de Freitas (born 23 October 1977 in Montes Claros, Minas Gerais), known as Tininho, is a Brazilian retired footballer.
Founded in 1854, Butzel Long is one of the oldest law firms in Michigan. Based in Detroit, Michigan, the firm has 155 attorneys throughout the State, in New York City, and Washington, D.C..
The C.A. Quintet, from Minnesota, USA, was a psychedelic rock band active in the late 1960s.
The Walking Dead: Rise of the Governor is a post-apocalyptic horror novel written by Robert Kirkman and Jay Bonansinga and released October 11, 2011.
The Bronx Cocktail is a cocktail.
Iván Sánchez (born November 19, 1974 in Móstoles, Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish actor, model and film producer.
Mramorovo pri Lužarjih (pronounced [mɾaˈmoːɾɔʋɔ pɾi ˈluːʒaɾjix]) is a small settlement northeast of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
John Joseph Montgomery (February 15, 1858 – October 31, 1911) was an American inventor, physicist, engineer, and professor at Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California who is best known for his invention of controlled heavier-than-air flying machines.
Telugabbai (English translation - Telugu boy) is a 2013 Telugu film written and directed by OS Avinash.
"WWZY (""107.1 The Boss"") is a classic rock music formatted radio station licensed to Long Branch, New Jersey."
Westbrook High School or Westbrook School is a 1A public high school located in Westbrook, Texas (USA).
Steamboat Round the Bend is a 1935 American comedy film directed by John Ford, released by 20th Century Fox and produced by Fox Film Corporation, based on the 1933 novel of the same name by author Ben Lucien Burman.
Wysogotówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Raja Paarvai (transl. The Royal Gaze) is a 1981 Tamil-language Indian romance film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao.
Inkscape is a free and open-source vector graphics editor used to create vector images, primarily in Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) format.
Theme for Monterey is an album by the Gerald Wilson Orchestra recorded in 1997 and released on the MAMA label.
Bólidos de acero (English language:) is a 1950 Argentine romantic drama film musical directed and written by Carlos Torres Ríos with music by Ástor Piazzolla.
Wii Fit U[a] is an exergaming video game developed by Nintendo for the Wii U console, and is the successor to the Wii games Wii Fit and Wii Fit Plus.
Syed Thajudeen Shaik Abu Talib (born 1943) is a Malaysian painter.
Active is the 22nd album by the jazz fusion group Casiopea recorded and released in 1992.
Ousmane N'Gom Camara (born May 26, 1975 in Conakry) is a Guinean football player, who plays for AS Kaloum Star.
Coordinates: 33°38′11″N 112°08′52″W﻿ / ﻿33.636505°N 112.147696°W﻿ / 33.636505; -112.147696 Northwest Christian School is a private Christian school in Phoenix, Arizona, United States.
""" Did You Fall in Love with Me "" is a song recorded by Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster."
Two Leaves and a Bud is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1937.
Ervand Abrahamian (born 1940) is an Iranian-born Armenian-American historian of the Middle East.
O.G.C. (Originoo Gunn Clappaz) is a hip hop group consisting of members Starang Wondah, Top Dog and Louieville Sluggah.
Gregory Skyler Taylor (born December 24, 1982), known professionally as Skyzoo, is an American actor and rapper.
Air Adriatic was a charter airline based in Rijeka, Croatia and was the first private Croatian airline.
Zhang Shichuan (; 1889–1953 or 1890–1954 ), also credited as S. C. Chang, was a Chinese entrepreneur, film director, and film producer, who is considered a founding father of Chinese cinema.
Riisa Naka (仲 里依紗, Naka Riisa, born October 18, 1989, in Nagasaki Prefecture) is a Japanese actress.
Parker University is a private university focused on healthcare and located in Dallas, Texas.
St Illtyd's Catholic High School is a coeducational secondary school in Rumney, a district in the east side of the Welsh capital Cardiff.
The Musical Theatre Academy (The MTA) is a drama college based in Islington, London.
Florent Vollant (born August 10, 1959 in Labrador) is a Canadian singer-songwriter.
Peach Melba is the fourth album by singer Melba Moore, released in 1975: her Buddah Records debut, Peach Melba was Moore's first studio album since 1971 (the singer's third album had been the 1972 concert album Melba Moore Live!).
Hiromi Go (郷 ひろみ, Gō Hiromi, born October 18, 1955 in Sue, Kasuya, Fukuoka Prefecture) is a Japanese singer, part of Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby is a children's novel by Charles Kingsley.
Pece Korunovski (Macedonian: Пеце Коруновски; born 5 October 1982) is a Macedonian retired football goalkeeper, who last played for FK Mladost Carev Dvor in Second Macedonian Football League.
Kyū Ni Ichi Jiken (九･二一事件) is a 2003 live album by GO!GO!7188.
Bare Trees is the sixth studio album by British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released in March 1972.
Mills High School is a public high school in Millbrae, California, one of seven in the San Mateo Union High School District.
Jim Stovall (born August 3, 1958) is an American writer best known for his bestselling novel The Ultimate Gift.
Nationwide Airlines was an airline based in Lanseria, South Africa.
The Magna Græcia University of Catanzaro (Italian: Università degli studi Magna Græcia di Catanzaro) is a university located in Catanzaro, Italy.
Bisbee High School is a high school in Bisbee, Arizona.
My Own United States is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by John W. Noble and starring Arnold Daly, Charles E. Graham, and Duncan McRae.
Through the Forests and Through the Trees (German: Durch die Wälder, durch die Auen) is a 1956 West German historical comedy film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst and starring Eva Bartok, Peter Arens, and Joe Stöckel.
Margaret Ann Hartley, known as Ann Hartley, is a former New Zealand member of parliament, a former Mayor of North Shore City, and a member of the Labour Party.
ISQ, or International School of Qingdao (ISQ) (simplified Chinese: 青岛MTI国际学校; traditional Chinese: 青島MTI國際學校; pinyin: Qīngdǎo MTI Guójì Xuéxiào), is a private international school located in Qingdao, China.
The Immaculate Conception is a painting by Italian painter Giovanni Battista Tiepolo (1696–1770).
Luke Winslow-King Balzuweit (born March 12, 1983) is an American guitarist, multi-instrumentalist, singer, composer, and lyricist based out of Cadillac, Michigan, who plays vintage blues and jazz music and is known for his slide guitar work.
Something Rotten! is an original musical comedy with a book by John O'Farrell and Karey Kirkpatrick and music and lyrics by Karey and Wayne Kirkpatrick.
Tyrant is a Japanese symphonic black metal band.
The Love Waltz is a 1930 German English language musical film directed by Carl Winston and starring Lilian Harvey, Georg Alexander and John Batten.
Loyola High School, Karimnagar, India, was opened by the Society of Jesus in 1980 as a Telugu-medium school.
"Anakana Schofield (born 1971) is an Irish-Canadian author, who won the 2012 Amazon.ca First Novel Award Quill, Gregg, "" Anakana Schofield's Malarky wins First Novel Award "" ."
H. Graham Motion (born May 22, 1964 in Cambridge, England) is an American horse trainer, notable for his work with 2011 Kentucky Derby winner Animal Kingdom and Better Talk Now.
Saula Radidi (born 4 June 1984 in Nausori, Fiji) is a Fijian rugby union footballer.
Pageant is a 2008 documentary film directed and produced together by Ron Davis and Stewart Halpern.
Cham Chang () is a village in Saman Rural District, Saman County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
The Nevis Reformation Party is a Nevis-based political party in Saint Kitts and Nevis. Led by Joseph Parry, the party currently holds one of the eleven seats in the National Assembly.
Steps to an Ecology of Mind is a collection of Gregory Bateson's short works over his long and varied career.
Supernova is the debut studio album by American band Today Is the Day, released on April 1993 by Amphetamine Reptile Records.
KANH (89.7 FM), is a National Public Radio-affiliated station in Emporia, Kansas.
Gayesha Perera (Sinhala: ගයේෂා පෙරේරා; born 24 October 1987, as Gayesha Lakmali Perera) is a Sri Lankan film and Teledrama actress, model and a TV presenter.
Olcott-Newfane Airport (FAA LID: D80) is a privately owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of Olcott, a hamlet in the Town of Newfane, Niagara County, New York, United States.
CHGO-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 104.3 FM in Val-d'Or, Quebec.
Arkelstorp is a locality situated in Kristianstad Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 768 inhabitants in 2010.
PERI Institute of Technology is an engineering college in West Tambaram, Tamil Nadu, India.
Ernakulam Junction is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Vijayanarayanan and produced by Ragunath.
Yorkshire Traction was a bus operator in Yorkshire that operated from 1902 until 2005. In March 1902 the Barnsley & District Electric Traction Company Limited was formed.
Frank Vignola (born December 30, 1965) is an American jazz guitarist.
Örnäset is a residential area in Luleå, Sweden.
Clayton McMichen (January 26, 1900 – January 4, 1970) was an American fiddler and country musician.
Born in Rödeby, a southern Sweden locality in Blekinge County's Karlskrona Municipality, Georg Årlin died in Lövestad at the age of 75.
M'Liss is a 1936 drama film starring Anne Shirley. The film was directed by George Nicholls, Jr. and based upon a Bret Harte novel.
John Mundy (or Munday) (before 1555 – 29 June 1630) was an English composer, virginalist and organist of the Renaissance period.
Robert Keable (6 March 1887 – 22 December 1927) was a British novelist, formerly a missionary and priest in the Church of England.
Steven John Bator (October 22, 1949 – June 4, 1990), better known by his stage name Stiv Bators, was an American punk rock vocalist and guitarist from Girard, Ohio.
Aozora Yell () is a 2016 Japanese youth drama film directed by Takahiro Miki, written by Yukiko Mochiji and based on the manga series of the same name by Kazune Kawahara.
"Ayodhyecha Raja, literally ""The King of Ayodhya"", was the first Marathi talkie, released in 1932, directed by Shantaram Rajaram Vankudre (V."
The Repentant (Arabic: El Taaib‎) is a 2012 Algerian drama film directed by Merzak Allouache.
Shriya Sharma is an Indian film actress and model who appears mainly in Telugu Films http://www.shriyasharma.in/index.php/biography Shriya Sharma was born in the city of Nurpur, Himachal Pradesh in India.
Alisha Sufit (born 1946) was the English singer-songwriter with the 1970s Magic Carpet, whose eponymous first album was released on the UK Mushroom label in 1972.
Tymákov is a village and municipality (obec) in Plzeň-City District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.
Amirabad-e Sukhek (, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Sūkhek; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Medicine Bow Formation is a geological formation in Wyoming, United States, whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous.
Iru Medhaigal () is a 1984 Indian Tamil film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Muktha Ramasami.
Boneh-ye Gach () is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 7 families.
Toby Proctor is a Canadian actor and voice actor.
Ronnie Day (born Ronald Guglielmone Jr.; January 18, 1988) is an American songwriter from Redwood City, California.
Albert Gabriele, or possibly Alfred Gabriele (living status unknown), better known as Al Gabriele, was an American comic book artist during the 1940s period fans and historians call the Golden Age of comic books.
Roman is a 2006 suspense-horror film directed by Angela Bettis and starring Lucky McKee (who also wrote the script) as Roman.
Paulie Koch (born October 12, 1996) is an American world champion wakeboarder.
Ride the Sky was a progressive power metal band formed by ex-Helloween, Gamma Ray, and Masterplan drummer Uli Kusch, and Tears of Anger members Bjørn Jansson and Benny Jansson.
Donnovan Malik Blocker, known by his stage name Dyme-A-Duzin, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and actor from Brooklyn, New York.
USS Pratt (DE-363) was a John C. Butler-class destroyer escort in service with the United States Navy from 1944 to 1946.
Dry Cleaning (French: Nettoyage à sec) is a 1997 French drama film directed by Anne Fontaine and written by Fontaine and Gilles Taurand.
Big Bad Wolf was a suspended roller coaster in the Oktoberfest section of Busch Gardens Williamsburg.
The Spanish Gypsy is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D.
Serge Le Dizet (born 27 June 1964 in Douarnenez, Finistère) is a French football coach who had a playing career. He is currently an assistant coach at US Boulogne.
Life Is Cheap... But Toilet Paper Is Expensive is a 1989 film directed by Wayne Wang.
Major John Simpson (December 1, 1748 – October 28, 1825) was an American Revolutionary War soldier from Deerfield, New Hampshire.
Lineage II is a massive multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) for Microsoft Windows, the second game in the Lineage series.
Karaburun (Greek: Αχιρλί, Achirlí) is a district and the center town of the same district in Turkey's İzmir Province.
Nina Breeder (born in 1982 in Genova, Italy), is an Italian contemporary artist based in New York City.
Jin Air Co. Ltd () is a South Korean low-cost airline.
Francois Wise (born May 15, 1958) is a retired American basketball player.
The Battle of Skaithmuir was a skirmish of the First War of Scottish Independence. It took place near Coldstream, on the Anglo-Scottish border, in February 1316.
Lieutenant General Sir James Whiteside McCay, KCMG, KBE, CB, VD (21 December 1864 – 1 October 1930), who often spelt his surname M’Cay, was an Australian general and politician.
Christoph Klippel (born November 2, 1986) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Carl Zeiss Jena II. Klippel began his career with FV Dresden-Nord (later renamed SC Borea Dresden), before joining Dynamo Dresden in July 2009, as a reserve team player.
Nicholas Musuraca, A.S.C. (October 25, 1892 – September 3, 1975) was a motion-picture cinematographer best remembered for his work at RKO Pictures in the 1940s, including many of Val Lewton's series of B-picture horror films.
Amjyot Singh Gill (); born 27 January 1992) is an Indian professional basketball player.
Shrikisan Laxminarayan Sarada (1893 & ndash; 12 January 1931) was an Indian freedom fighter, a revolutionary.
Rough Cutt Live is a live album by the American heavy metal band Rough Cutt.
Boyan Botevo is a village in the municipality of Mineralni bani, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.
2014–2015 Short Stack are an Australian pop punk band. The band consists of members Shaun Diviney (lead vocals, guitar), Andy Clemmensen (bass, backing vocals) and Bradie Webb (drums, keyboards).
The Marshal of Windy Hollow is a 1972 American film directed by Jerry Whittington and starring Sunset Carson.
Stary Cykarzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
White People Party Music is the second studio album by American rapper and comedian Nick Cannon.
Annet Malherbe (born 23 November 1957) is a Dutch actress. She is known for her roles in films directed by her husband Alex van Warmerdam, such as Voyeur, The Northerners, The Dress, Little Tony and Grimm.
Francisco Llano de la Encomienda (1879–1963) was a Spanish soldier who served in Africa and was promoted to General in 1931.
The Gazebo is a play by Alec Coppel based on a story by Coppel and his wife Myra.
Caught is a 1949 American film noir directed by Max Ophüls, and starring James Mason, Barbara Bel Geddes and Robert Ryan.
Samir Karnik (Punjabi: ਸਮੀਰ ਕਾਰ੍ਨਿਕ, Hindi: समीर कार्निक, Urdu: سمیر کارنک‎), is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter of Hindi movies.
Cruelty: Black Rose Torture (残酷　黒薔薇私刑, Zankoku: kurobara lynch) aka Black Rose Slave is a 1975 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series, directed by Katsuhiko Fujii and starring Naomi Tani.
Joyce Sparer Adler (December 2, 1915 – September 13, 1999) was an American critic, playwright, and teacher.
Killer Country is the 37th studio album by Jerry Lee Lewis, released on Elektra Records in 1980.
The Admire Group is a geologic group in Nebraska.
Strait Area Education and Recreation Centre (SAERC) is a high school located in Port Hawkesbury, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Hilda Bernstein (London, 15 May 1915 – 8 September 2006) was a British-born author, artist, and an activist against apartheid and for women's rights.
Newport State Airport (IATA: NPT, ICAO: KUUU, FAA LID: UUU) is a state-owned public-use airport in Newport County, Rhode Island, United States.
Gaston Bodart (1867–1940) was a military historian, statistician, and government official. He was born in 1867 in Vienna, Austria.
Đorđe Mihailović (; Thessaloniki, 1 May 1928) is a keeper of Serbian Military Cemetery at Zeitenlik, in Thessaloniki.
Madeline Merlo (born February 9, 1994 in Maple Ridge, British Columbia) is a Canadian country music singer-songwriter.
Souryala is a village in the Sabce Department of Bam Province in northern-central Burkina Faso. It has a population of 910.
Çal is a town and a district of Denizli Province in the inner Aegean region of Turkey.
Kostopil Raion (Ukrainian: Костопільський район) is a raion in Rivne Oblast in western Ukraine.
Maltings Academy is a secondary school in Witham, Essex, it is the larger of two secondary schools in Witham.
Robert del Picchia (born 10 November 1942 in Marseille) is a member of the Senate of France.
Shigeri Sada (佐田 繁理, Sada Shigeri, born 13 December 1954) is a former Japanese football player.
Müveddet Kadın (; born Şadiye Çıhçı; 12 October 1893 & ndash; 1951) was the third wife of Sultan Mehmed VI of the Ottoman Empire.
Ruby Thoma, born Ruby Dediya in 1949 in Nauru, is a Nauruan politician.
Badr Lama (, born Badro Lamas or Badro el A‘ma, 23 April 1907 - 1 October 1947) was a Palestinian actor born in Chile.
Color Me Obsessed is a 2011 American documentary film directed, edited and co-produced by Gorman Bechard about the alternative rock band the Replacements.
Raimundo Aguilera Solís (born 7 January 1949 in Itacurubí de la Cordillera, Paraguay) is a retired football goalkeeper.
Air Caucasus was a Georgian airline based in Tbilisi.
The Nishnawbe-Aski Police Service (NAPS) is the police agency for Nishnawbe-Aski Nation (NAN). The agency has 134 First Nations Constables who have the powers of police officers in Ontario.
Susefid (Persian: سوسفيد‎, also Romanized as Sūsefīd) is a village in Hotkan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Kol Shira is an all-woman music group whose performances fuse world music with their Jewish heritage.
Soochow University () is a public university in Suzhou (Soochow), China.
The University of Western Australia (UWA) is a public research university in the Australian state of Western Australia. The university's main campus is in Perth, the state capital, with a secondary campus in Albany and various other facilities elsewhere.
Peter Pan; or, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up or Peter and Wendy, often known simply as Peter Pan, is a work by J.
Harkanovci is a village in Croatia.
Rudine () is a village in the municipality of Glamoč, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Hollywood Husbands is a 1986 novel by the British author Jackie Collins.
38, is a collection of three sacred motets based on Latin texts for mixed unaccompanied choir by Charles Villiers Stanford, comprising Justorum animae, Coelos ascendit hodie and Beati quorum via.
Daniel de Oliveira (born June 19, 1977) is a Brazilian actor. He was married to Brazilian actress Vanessa Giácomo from 2004 to 2012.
Amsdorf is a village and a former municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
"Unlimited Everything is a "" best of "" compilation album released by the rock and psychobilly musical artists Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper in 1990."
Storvika or Storvik is a village in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county, Norway.
Qaraçinar (also, Gharach’inar and Karachinar) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 816.
Tseri (Greek: Tσέρι; Turkish: Çeri), also known as Seri or Xeri, is a south suburb of Nicosia, Cyprus.
Orbits is a public art work by Russian-American artist Alexander Liberman located at the Lynden Sculpture Garden near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Cesare Lapini (1848 – after 1890) was an Italian sculptor, mainly active in Florence.
Tim Wood (10 August 1951 – September 2010) was a British boxer who was British light heavyweight champion between 1976 and 1977.
Eugenio Isnaldo (born 7 January 1994) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a left winger for Defensa y Justicia.
Dog Blood is a side project formed in 2012 by music producers Skrillex and Boys Noize.
"Joshua Paul Randall (born 15 April 1987), known professionally as J Rand (and formerly known as "" J Randall "" ), is an American singer, songwriter, actor and dancer."
My House Husband: Ikaw Na! (or simply My House Husband) is a 2011 comedy drama film directed by José Javier Reyes that stars Judy Ann Santos and Ryan Agoncillo (who are married in real life), including Eugene Domingo.
Villers-Outréaux is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Brendan O'Brien (born May 9, 1962, in Hollywood, California) is an American actor and voice actor.
Degrees of Connection is a 2004 Ned Kelly Award-winning novel by the Australian author Jon Cleary.
Mélanie Pain is a French indie pop singer from Caen. She performs with the band Nouvelle Vague as well as being a solo artist.
Slightly French is a 1949 American musical comedy film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Dorothy Lamour, Don Ameche and Janis Carter.
Nantier Beall Minoustchine Publishing Inc. (or NBM Publishing) is an American graphic novel publisher. Founded by Terry Nantier in 1976 as Flying Buttress Publications, NBM is one of the oldest graphic novel publishers in North America.
""" Talkin' to the Moon "" is a song written by Larry Gatlin, and recorded by American country music group Larry Gatlin & the Gatlin Brothers."
KBGX (105.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to Keaau, Hawaii, the station serves the Hilo area.
Popper and After: Four Modern Irrationalists is a book about irrationalism by the philosopher David Stove.
Andy Shernoff (born 19 April 1955, in Queens, New York) is a musician, songwriter and record producer.
The Flaxton Boys is a British historical children's television series set in the West Riding of Yorkshire and covering a timespan of almost a century.
Yıldırım Tuğrul Türkeş (born 1 December 1954) is a Turkish economist and politician, who served as Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey from 28 August 2015 to 19 July 2017.
Pliny T. Merrick (August 2, 1794 & nbsp;– January 31, 1867) was an American attorney and politician from Massachusetts. Merrick was born in Brookfield, Massachusetts, the son of Honorable Pliny Merrick and Ruth (Cutler) Merrick.
"Moriagaro (stylized as MORIAGARO) (, "" Let's Get Down "" ) is the 10th studio album by Japanese R & B musician Ai, released on July 17, 2013."
Men at Work (Persian:Kargaran Mashgoul-e Karand) is a 2006 Iranian comedy written and directed by Mani Haghighi.
Valérie Trierweiler (French pronunciation: ​[valeʁi tʁiɛʁvɛlɛːʁ]; née Massonneau; born 16 February 1965) is a French journalist and author.
Earle Dickson (October 10, 1892—September 21, 1961) was an American inventor best known for inventing adhesive bandages in the US.
Bobcaygeon, ON The Bobcaygeon Independent was the weekly community newspaper in Bobcaygeon, Ontario, Canada.
IBHOF/Baby Arizmendi, IBHOF.com, Retrieved on 1-1-08 Arizmendi was born on March 17, 1913 in Tamaulipas, Mexico.
Rise of the Zombies, also known as Dead Walking, is a 2012 American zombie horror film from The Asylum and directed by Nick Lyon.
Children of the Streets () is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
"""All I Need Is Your Sweet Lovin'"" (also known under the title ""All I Need Is Your Good Lovin'"") is a song by American singer Gloria Gaynor, released in August 1975."
Shahrak-e Nur (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Nūr) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
The Rauchkofel Formation is a geologic formation in Austria.
Libějovice is a village and municipality (obec) in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Anne-Sylvie Mouzon (10 May 1956 – 10 September 2013) was a Belgian politician from the Socialist Party (PS). Born in Kisangani in the Belgian Congo, she received a law degree from the Université libre de Bruxelles of Brussels and worked as a lawyer for various cabinet-members.
Eugène-Ferdinand Buttura, (1812– 1852) was a French historical landscape painter. The son of the poet Antonio Buttura, he was born in Paris in 1812.
Infinity is the fourth studio album by American rock band Journey, released in January 1978 on Columbia Records.
Brandérion (Branderion in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in northwestern France.
The Fort de Tancrémont is a Belgian fortification located about south of Pepinster.
Dedric Willoughby (born May 27, 1974, in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American former professional basketball player.
Bid Meydan (, also Romanized as Bīd Meydān) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Coton in the Elms is a village and parish in the English county of Derbyshire. At 70 miles from the coast, it is the farthest place in the United Kingdom from coastal waters.
Gomn () is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 22 families.
Mohe Gulian Airport () is an airport serving Mohe County in Heilongjiang Province, China.
Snop (Bulgarian: Сноп) is a small village near General Toshevo, Dobrich, Bulgaria. It has a population of approximately 180.
Dog Soldiers is a 2002 horror film written, directed and edited by Neil Marshall, in his directorial debut, and starring Sean Pertwee, Kevin McKidd, Emma Cleasby and Liam Cunningham.
Gunn Yang (; born 30 September 1993) is a South Korean professional golfer.
"Hugo Jamioy Juagibioy Poeta. ""."
The Woman in White is a musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber and David Zippel with a book by Charlotte Jones, based on the 1860 novel The Woman in White written by Wilkie Collins, and elements of The Signal-Man by Charles Dickens (1866).
Edurne Ganem, known professionally as Edy Ganem, is a Mexican-Lebanese actress, known for her role as Valentina Diaz in the Lifetime comedy-drama series Devious Maids. Ganem was born in Modesto, California and raised in Torreón, Mexico Edy Ganem, TV Guide.
Modbury is a large village, ecclesiastical parish, civil parish and former manor situated in the South Hams district of the county of Devon in England.
Earthride is a doom metal band from Maryland. Earthride formed in 2000 after the demise of Dave Sherman's previous band, Spirit Caravan.
Arthur Clifford Baynes (30 November 1892–13 January 1971) was an English teacher and comedian from the steel-making city of Sheffield, Yorkshire, who performed under the stage name Stainless Stephen.
Obiszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The Enemies of Books is a book on biblioclasts and book preservation by the 19th-century bibliophile and book collector William Blades.
Mostly Coltrane is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label.
The Capital University of Science & Technology (Urdu: جامع دارالحکومت سائنس و ٹیکنالوجی‎) or CUST is a private university located in Islamabad, Pakistan.
Brad Meltzer (born April 1, 1970) is an American political thriller novelist, non-fiction writer, TV show creator, and comic book author.
Puttalam (Sinhala: පුත්තලම, romanized: Puttalama; Tamil: புத்தளம், romanized: Puttaḷam) is a large town in Puttalam District, North Western Province, Sri Lanka.
San Siro 2007 is Italian singer–songwriter Laura Pausini's second live album chronicling her historic performance at Milan's Stadio San Siro on 2 June 2007.
"Herzeleid (German for ""heartache"") is the debut album by German Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein, first released on 29 September 1995 through Motor Music."
KFIV (1360 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Modesto, California, United States, it serves the Modesto area.
Pala Karuppiah is an Indian politician, film producer, actor and author.
Ratdech Kruatiwa (Thai: รัชเดช เครือทิวา; born May 18, 1985 in Angthong, Thailand) is a Thai professional basketball player. He currently plays for the Mono Vampire Basketball Club in the ASEAN Basketball League (ABL).
Jesus Jones are a British alternative rock band from Bradford-on-Avon in Wiltshire, formed in late 1988, who recorded and performed into the 2000s.
Höchstädt an der Donau is a town in the district of Dillingen, Bavaria, Germany.
Sistaneh (Persian: سيستانه‎, also Romanized as Sīstāneh) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.
Pic Pic, known in Japan as , is a puzzle video game by Success for the Nintendo DS.
Helta () is a town in North Lebanon.
Salahuddin Tirmizi (Urdu: صلاح الدین ترمذی‎; born 1 May 1943) is a Pakistani politician who served as Minister for Narcotics Control, in Abbasi cabinet from August 2017 to May 2018.
Neelagiri Express is a 1968 Indian Tamil-language thriller film directed by Thirumalai-Mahalingam and produced by V.
Alistair Appleton (born 12 February 1970) is a British television presenter and writer.
KMFY-FM (96.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Grand Rapids, Minnesota.
Bonga, Burkina Faso is a village in the Bourzanga Department of Bam Province in northern Burkina Faso. It has a population of 438.
Alférez Armando Rodríguez Airport (, ) is a public use airport serving Las Lomitas, a town in the Formosa Province of Argentina.
Britney Spears Live from Las Vegas is the fourth video by American recording artist Britney Spears.
David Warren (born October 14, 1978) is a former collegiate American football player from Tyler, Texas. As a sophomore in 1994, he played for the John Tyler High School Lions team under coach Allen Wilson, which went 16–0 and won the 5A Division II state championship in Texas.
Madman (originally titled Madman: The Legend Lives) is a 1982 American slasher film written and directed by Joe Giannone and starring Gaylen Ross and Paul Ehlers.
"Bodhisattva or "" Interrogation of a Husband "" is a 2010 independent film directed by San Banarje and written by Trisha Ray and San Banarje."
Łątczyn Szlachecki (Polish pronunciation: [ˈwɔnttʂɨn ʂlaˈxɛtskʲi]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
George C. Contant, aka George Contant Sontag (April 10, 1864 - date of death unknown), was an outlaw of the American West known mostly for train robberies.
Özal Group is a major Turkish conglomerate. http://ozalgrup.com/ Ahmet Özal of the Özal family is the chairman.
Arizona Gunfighter is a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Newfield.
Hugo Gräf (10 October 1892 in Rehestädt – 23 October 1958 in Gotha) was a German Communist politician.
To Know That You're Alive is the fifth full-length studio album by the Christian rock band Kutless.
Fojhar () is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
""" Cigarette Daydreams "" is a song by American alternative rock band Cage the Elephant."
Teri Udle (born April 11, 1981 in Amherst, Nova Scotia as Teri Lake) is a Canadian curler from Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The Williams EJ22 was a small turbofan engine that was being developed by Williams International for very light jet (VLJ) aircraft applications.
Love Songs is a compilation album by Keyboardist Yanni, released on the Private Music label in 1999.
Michelle Bell is an American singer-songwriter and record producer born in Ohio.
Maulana Muhammad Jamal ud Din (; born 1 January 1961) is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, since August 2018.
Folly to Be Wise is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Frank Launder and starring Alastair Sim, Elizabeth Allan, Roland Culver, Colin Gordon, Martita Hunt and Edward Chapman.
"""Horseshoes"" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Adam Gregory."
Far Cry is a first-person shooter game developed by Crytek and published by Ubisoft.
Marco Vorbeck (born 24 June 1981) is a German former footballer who played as a striker. Vorbeck began his career with F.C. Hansa Rostock, breaking into the first-team and playing 38 Bundesliga games, before joining Dynamo Dresden in 2005.
Kustom Kar Kommandos is a 1965 experimental film by Kenneth Anger.
Westlake Academy (WA) is an open-enrollment charter school in the United States state of Texas, operating under the International Baccalaureate (IB) curriculum.
John Peter Sim, CBE (21 June 1917 – 29 July 2015) was an Australian politician.
The Most Beautiful Ugly is the fourth studio album by American hip hop musician Thavius Beck.
Israel Post (), originally Metro Israel, is an Israeli Hebrew-language free daily newspaper based on the concept of the Metro newspapers.
Connew Racing Team, commonly known as Connew (/ˈkɒn. Founded in 1971 by Peter Connew, the team constructed a single car, the PC1.
E-470 is a 47-mile-long (76 km) controlled-access toll road traversing the eastern portion of the Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Area in the US state of Colorado.
The Billings Gazette is the largest newspaper in Montana.
The Firm of Girdlestone is a novel by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
Us or Else is the fourth extended play (EP) by American hip hop recording artist T.I..
Mangalya Charthu is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Gouthaman.
Mario Sábato (born February 15, 1945) is an Argentine film director and screenwriter.
Timescape Zero is an American metalcore band from Miami, Florida formed in 1991.
Qatar Scientific Club is a non-profit organization based in Qatar.
A Decade Under the Influence is a 2003 American documentary film, directed by Ted Demme and Richard LaGravenese.
""" One More Time "" is the lead single from the album, One More Time by the German Eurodance and Pop music project Real McCoy."
Vicki Cardwell BEM (née Hoffmann, born 21 April 1955, in Adelaide, South Australia) is a former World No.
Milad Kermani (Persian: میلاد کرمانی‎) is an Iranian football winger. Kermani joined Naft Tehran in summer 2012 while he mostly used in Tehran Asia Vision U-21 Super League.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a novel by François Augiéras.
Morgan Ågren (born 1967) is a Swedish drummer who plays with the progressive rock band Kaipa.
Joseph Fry (1728 – 27 March 1787), was an English type-founder and chocolate maker and founder of the Bristol branch of the Quaker Fry family.
Ran Abukarat (; born 14 December 1988) is an Israeli international Retirement player. He is the son of Maccbai Haifa veteran Avraham Abukarat.
Ignition is the first EP by the hard rock/power metal band Unisonic.
Keith Forsey (born 2 January 1948) is an English pop musician and record producer.
For Someone I Love is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring big band performances arranged by Melba Liston recorded in 1963 and released on the Riverside label.
Geisspfadsee is a lake in Valais, Switzerland.
A Dark Stranger () is a 1945 novel by the French writer Julien Gracq.
Astor Place building The Related Companies, L.P. is an American privately owned real estate firm in New York City, with offices and major developments in Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Miami, San Francisco, Abu Dhabi, London, São Paulo and Shanghai.
""" She Can't Say I Didn't Cry "" is a song written by Troy Martin, Tony Martin and Reese Wilson, and recorded by American country music artist Rick Trevino."
"Jason Nevins (born December 15, 1972) is an American songwriter, record producer and remixer, who is most widely known for his pop and dance productions, including his multi-platinum, multi-million selling production of ""It's Like That"" by American hip hop group Run–D.M.C."
José María Urrutia Manzano (1771–1848) was a Chilean military and politician.
Cheriyachante Kroorakrithyangal (; ) is a 1979 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by avant-garde filmmaker John Abraham.
Walter Risse (2 December 1893 – 16 June 1969) was a German international footballer who played for Düsseldorfer SC 99 and Hamburger SV.
""" Sentimental "" is a song by American Smooth jazz saxophonist Kenny G, from his sixth studio album Breathless which was released in 1992. ""."
Chances: The Women of Magdalene is a 2006 documentary film produced and directed by Tom Neff, and written by Neff and Barry Rubinow.
Noel Drayton (October 7, 1913 – December 7, 1981) was an actor who remains perhaps best known for playing supporting roles in Hollywood films like Elephant Walk, The Court Jester, Plymouth Adventure and Botany Bay during the 1950s.
Gianni Bulgari (born 1935) is an Italian jewelry designer, businessman and socialite.
Marcelo Lomba (born December 18, 1986), is a Brazilian goalkeeper who currently plays for Brazilian Série A club Internacional.
Bethamangala is a small town in the kolar gold field (KGF) taluk of Kolar district in the state of Karnataka, India.
Play Dirty Live is the first video album released by the British heavy metal band Girlschool in 1985.
Tulym (Ukrainian: Тулим) - Ukrainian hip hop group from Kyiv, Ukraine composed of KyLЯ and RYLEZ.
The Sellout is a 2015 novel by Paul Beatty published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux, and in the UK by Oneworld Publications in 2016.
Giovanni Giacomo Barba or Jean Jacques Barba (1490 – 1 October 1565) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terni (1553–1565) and Bishop of Teramo (1546–1553).
Lal Ronger Duniya (Bengali: লাল রঙের দুনিয়া) is a 2008 Bengali Movie directed by Nilanjan Bhattacharya and produced by Kaustuv Roy.
Wilson Boit Kipketer (born October 6, 1973 in Kenya) is a middle and long distance athlete most widely known for running the 3000 m steeplechase.
Al-Irshad Al-Islamiya Association () is an organization in Indonesia engaged in the educational and religious activities.
Light Fantastic is the title of a television documentary series that explores the phenomenon of light and aired in December 2004 http://www.bbcactive.com Light Fantastic https://www.imdb.com IMDb Light Fantastic episode list on BBC Four.
Birsk (Russian: Бирск; Bashkir: Бөрө, Börö; Tatar: Бөре, Böre) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the right bank of the Belaya River, 102 kilometers (63 mi) from Ufa, the capital of the republic.
Saibou Bungaku is a Japanese psychedelic folk/freak folk/blues band.
Joseph Hanson Kwabena Nketia, GM, MSG (22 June 1921 – 13 March 2019) was a Ghanaian ethnomusicologist and composer.
Aruna Biswas is a Bangladeshi television, stage and film actress.
Álvaro Mejía Pérez (born 18 January 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Qatari club Al-Shahaniya Sports Club mainly as a central defender.
HK Beostar was an ice hockey club from Belgrade, Serbia that played in the binational Panonian League.
Josefa Schuler (born ) is a retired Chilean female volleyball player.
Ash Code is an Italian Dark Wave band formed in 2014 in Napoli by the singer Alessandro Belluccio, the keyboardist Claudia Nottebella and the bass player Adriano Belluccio.
Tean Kam is a khum (commune) of Preah Netr Preah District in Banteay Meanchey Province in north-western Cambodia.
Karen Davis (born February 4, 1944) is an American animal rights advocate, and president of United Poultry Concerns, a non-profit organization founded in 1990 to address the treatment of domestic fowl – including chickens, turkeys, and ducks – in factory farming.
Loïc Merel (born 13 August 1965) is a French mathematician. Born in Carhaix-Plouguer, Brittany, Merel became a student at the École Normale Supérieure.
Zarkava (foaled 31 March 2005 in Ireland) is an undefeated French Thoroughbred racehorse whose wins included the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Rigoberto Romero Carmona (September 22, 1940 in Pinar del Río, Cuba & ndash; August 25, 1991 in Havana) was a Cuban photographer.
The Vestfold campus Buskerud and Vestfold University College (, HBV) was a regional university college with campuses in Drammen, Kongsberg, Hønefoss and Horten in the counties of Vestfold og Telemark and Viken, Norway.
İkinci Səmədxanlı is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 391.
Attitude Adjuster is the twelfth studio album by the rapper Pastor Troy, released on February 19, 2008.
Lunjevica (Serbian Cyrillic: Луњевица) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 512 people.
Barrow Nook is a small rural hamlet on the fringes of Bickerstaffe in the county of Lancashire, England.
Erzsébet Szilágyi (Hungarian: Szilágyi Erzsébet, c. 1410–1483) was a Hungarian noblewoman, wife of John Hunyadi and mother of Matthias Corvinus, King of Hungary.
Bethania Almánzar Sosa (born February 11, 1987 in Bonao) is a female beach volleyball and volleyball player from the Dominican Republic.
Prof.K. Nageshwar is India's noted political analyst.
Masali (Višegrad) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Police Średnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościelec, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Indro Olumets (born 10 April 1971 in Tartu) is a former Estonian footballer who played as an offensive-minded midfielder.
Zalim Saudagar is a Bollywood drama film. It was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Khalil, Kajjan, Rani Premlata, and Haider Bandi in the pivotal roles.
Vegas, City of Dreams is a 2001 drama film directed by Lorenzo Doumani and starring John Taylor, Joe Don Baker, Carlos Bernard, Daniel Benzali and Erika Eleniak.
Police in Pollywood (2014) is a Punjabi film directed by Sunita Dhir, produced by Rajinder Gautam & Monika Gautam and starring Anuj Sachdeva, Bhagwant Mann, Raj Brar and Sardool Sikander.
Abdelmalek Essaâdi University Established in 1982, is a public university in Tétouan, Morocco, with a branch in Tangier.
Taebla is a small borough (alevik) in Lääne County, Estonia, the administrative centre of Lääne-Nigula Parish. It has a population of 929 (as of 1 January 2010).
Jerry Weyer (born 4 January 1986) is a Luxembourgian politician, activist and lawyer.
Ashi Hi Banwa Banwi is a Marathi film directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar and had released in India on 23 September 1988.
KFUR-LP (101.1 FM) is a low-power FM radio station broadcasting a regional Mexican music format. Licensed to St. George, Utah, United States, the station is currently owned by Latinos Unidos Broadcasting.
Ryan Cochrane (born July 24, 1983) is a Canadian kayaker. He was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Lauren Mollica (born July 7, 1980) is an American professional skateboarder from New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Melinda Schneider (born Melinda-Jane Bean; 7 October 1971) is an Australian country music singer and songwriter and radio host.
Helsingin Sanomat (approx. : Helsinki times/news), abbreviated HS and colloquially known as Hesari, is the largest subscription newspaper in Finland and the Nordic countries, owned by Sanoma.
The Queen's School of Environmental Studies is a unit of the Faculty of Arts and Science at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. The school offers an interdisciplinary approach to undergraduate and graduate studies dealing with the environment.
Inger Christensen (16 January 1935 – 2 January 2009) was a Danish poet, novelist, essayist and editor.
The Boy from Bullarah is a 1925 novel by Australian sporting novelist Arthur Wright.
Humaima Malick is a Pakistani actress and model who appears in Pakistani and Bollywood films and serials.
The Nanpu Power Plant () is a gas-fired power plant in Cianjhen District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
José Salomón Nazar Ordóñez (born 7 September 1953) is a retired Honduran football goalkeeper who played for Honduras in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
Chris Jones is a British filmmaker, author, film director, screenwriter and educator, who has written books on becoming a film-maker.
Heavy Soul is the debut album by American saxophonist Ike Quebec, recorded in 1961 and released on the Blue Note label.
Andreas Mand (born 14 December 1959) is a German contemporary author of novels, short stories and essays and a playwright.
Xu Anqi (; born 23 January 1992) is a female Chinese épée fencer.
Douglas Legate Howard (February 11, 1885 & ndash; December 14, 1936) was an American naval officer and the head coach of the United States Naval Academy football team from 1911 until 1914.
"Crime in Formula One () is a 1984 Italian "" poliziottesco "" -comedy film written and directed by Bruno Corbucci."
Emanuel Bentil (born December 3, 1978 in Tema) is a Ghanaian footballer who last played for Hollywood United Hitmen in the USL Premier Development League.
The Peripheral is a 2014 science fiction mystery-thriller novel by William Gibson.
Verena Diener Verena Diener (born 27 March 1949 in Winterthur) is a Swiss politician, member of the Green Liberal Party of Switzerland, representing the canton of Zürich in the Swiss Council of States.
Jasvinder Sanghera, (born September 1965) is a campaigner for those experiencing forced marriages and abuse. Jasvinder Sanghera was born and brought up in Derby, England, to a Sikh family that had emigrated from India.
Naogaon (Bengali: নওগাঁ Nôogã) is a city and district headquarter of Naogaon District in northern Bangladesh.
David Harland (b. He is Executive Director of the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue (HD), a Geneva-based foundation that specializes in the mediation of armed conflict.
Sam White was an American film producer, film director and actor.
Pasquale Anfossi (5 April 1727 – February 1797) was an Italian opera composer. Born in Taggia, Liguria, he studied with Niccolò Piccinni and Antonio Sacchini, and worked mainly in London, Venice and Rome.
Louis Mélennec de Beyre (born 18 March 1941, Guilvinec, Finistère) is a French lawyer, doctor, singer, and historian, writing and performing as Louis Mélennec.
Mitchell College is a private liberal arts college in New London, Connecticut.
Santo Estêvão () is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal.
A Brokedown Melody is a 2004 documentary surf film from Woodshed Films directed by singer/songwriter Jack Johnson and his film school friend Chris Malloy.
Thomas Patrick Roger Foley (March 6, 1822 – February 19, 1879) was a bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States. He served as Coadjutor Bishop of Chicago from March 10, 1870 until his death on February 19, 1879.
Coordinates: 40°14′22″N 47°01′48″E﻿ / ﻿40.23944°N 47.03000°E﻿ / 40.23944; 47.03000 Bargyushad (also, Bargushad) is a village in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Southern Gentoo penguins reach 75-80 cm (30-31 in) in length.
Johann David Passavant (18 September 1787 – 17 August 1861) was a German painter, curator and artist. Passavant was born in 1787 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Jan Karol Tarło (c. 1593–1645) was a Polish–Lithuanian noble (szlachcic). Son of starost Stanisław Tarło and Barbara Dulska.
Coordinates: 31°11′33″N 94°46′06″W﻿ / ﻿31.1926°N 94.7683°W﻿ / 31.1926; -94.7683 Diboll High School is a public high school located in Diboll, Texas, USA and classified as a 3A school by the UIL.
Ed Bell (born May 1905, died 1960, 1965 or 1966) was an American Piedmont blues and country blues singer, guitarist and songwriter whose identity has only recently been verified by historians.
The Bickford Formation is a geologic formation of Early Cretaceous (Valanginian) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin that consists primarily of nonmarine sediments.
"James W. ""Spike"" Kenedy (1855-1884) John Gregory Kenedy Sr. (1856-1931) Six step-children, including: Mifflin Kenedy (June 8, 1818 – March 14, 1895) was a South Texas businessman who was a partner in ranching and steamboating of Richard King of the large King Ranch."
"KYNU (95.5 FM, "" Big Dog 95.5 "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Jamestown, North Dakota."
Cornelis August Wilhelm Hirschman (1877 – 1951), known as Carl Anton Wilhelm Hirschman, History of FIFA - Foundation on fifa.com, retrieved 14 January 2017 was a Dutch banker, co-founder of FIFA in 1904 and the 2nd General Secretary of FIFA, serving from 1906 to 1931.
The Moondogs are a Northern Irish rock band formed in 1979, and consisting of Gerry McCandless, Austin Barrett and Jackie Hamilton.
Pembrokeshire (Welsh: Sir Benfro) was a parliamentary constituency based on the county of Pembrokeshire in Wales.
Robert J. Kuntz (born September 23, 1955) is a game designer and author of role-playing game publications.
Rafał Buszek (born 28 April 1987) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of the Poland men's national volleyball team and Asseco Resovia Rzeszów, a participant of the Olympic Games (Rio 2016), 2014 World Champion, Polish Champion (2013, 2015, 2016, 2017).
The Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences is a college of Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas.
Repli-Kate is a 2002 sex comedy film from National Lampoon, directed by Frank Longo and starring Ali Landry, James Roday, Desmond Askew and Eugene Levy.
Ottayadipathakal is a 1993 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by C.
"Jules Isaac (18 November 1877 in Rennes – 6 September 1963 in Aix-en-Provence) was ""a well known and highly respected Jewish historian in France with an impressive career in the world of education"" by the time World War II began."
Loznati is a village in Croatia.
The Ministry of Labour (Spanish: Ministerio de Trabajo) is the national executive ministry of Colombia in charge of formulating, implementing, and orienting labour policy and labour relations to stimulate job growth through job creation programs.
Eisighofen is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Bakhri Buzurg is a village in Bihar, India. As of 2011[update] census, Bakhri Buzurg had a population of 2794 .
The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication is a book by Charles Darwin that was first published in January 1868.
Thomas Ancora (born 20 July 1986 as Thomas Quagliara Ancora) is a Belgian actor, movie director and script screen writer appearing in films, television and on stage.
Winter Warriors, published in 1997, is a novel by British fantasy writer David Gemmell.
The Battle of the Sexes is a 1928 American comedy film directed by D.
Challes-la-Montagne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Meridian Entertainment Group (MEG) is a former midwest entertainment company. After dissolution between former partners in 2016, MiEntertainment Group was formed by Kevin Meyer and Meridian Entertainment Inc. was formed by Brad Coombs and Rick Shimel.
Fifth Angel is the first studio album by the American heavy metal band Fifth Angel.
Minićevo (till 1945. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 828 people.
Bortreist på ubestemt tid (English: Gone until further notice) is a 1974 Norwegian crime film directed by Pål Bang-Hansen, starring Svein Scharffenberg, Ingerid Vardund, Julie Ege and Lasse Kolstad.
Pedro Ferreira-Mendes (born May 13, 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played for Puerto Rico FC of the North American Soccer League.
WSOG is an FM broadcasting station on 88.1 MHz at Spring Valley, Illinois.
With Prejudice is a 1983 Australian film directed by Esben Storm and starring Terry Serio and Chris Haywood.
Fernanda Brandão Gonçalves da Silva (born 3 May 1983 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) is a Brazilian singer, dancer and recording artist, based in Munich, Germany.
Norsesund is a bimunicipal locality situated in Alingsås Municipality and Lerum Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden. It had 274 inhabitants in 2010.
James Edgar Walker (July 21, 1911 – April 19, 1989) was a Canadian politician. Born in Vegreville, Alberta, he attended the University of Alberta.
Mezhyhory (Ukrainian: Межигори) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.
Not to be confused with Błędnica (Slavic demoness). Błędnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"""When the Sun Goes Down"" is a song written by Brett James and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney as a duet with Uncle Kracker."
Thoppul Kodi () is a 2011 Tamil film co-written and directed by Sri Jeyan, http://doregama.info/thoppul-kodi-2011.html and starring Jagan and Swapna.
""" Nobody's Talking "" is a song written by Sonny LeMaire and Randy Sharp, and recorded by American country music group Exile."
Joan Wyndham (1911–2000) was a British actress.
École secondaire catholique Sainte-Famille (ESC Sainte-Famile or Sainte-Famile), known in English as Holy Family Catholic Secondary School is a French medium Catholic high school located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada managed by the Conseil scolaire Catholique MonAvenir.
Savalduma is a village in Tapa Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.
Dövény is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary. it had a population of 289.
Čungula is a village in the municipality of Blace, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 419 people.
"Judith Briles is an author, publisher, podcaster, book publishing consultant and professional speaker focused in the fields of book publishing, conflict resolution, and personal finance. ""."
John Ashton (1860-1953) was an American architect from Lawrence, Massachusetts. Ashton was born in England in 1860, immigrating to the United States in 1875, where he settled in Lawrence.
Golubovac Divuški () is a village in Croatia.
The Vagrant is a 1992 comedy horror film directed by Chris Walas and executive produced by Mel Brooks, through his Brooksfilms production company.
The Rough Guide to Salsa is a world music compilation album originally released in 1997.
Henry D. Sahakian was the founder of Uni-Mart, which quickly became one of the largest convenience store and gasoline station chains in the United States.
Thorne and Hatfield Moors form the largest area of lowland raised peat bog in the United Kingdom.
Rockway Mennonite Collegiate (RMC) is an independent Mennonite high school located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.
Full Moon Features is an American motion picture production and distribution company headed by B-movie veteran Charles Band.
Cattleya Orchid and Three Hummingbirds (1871) is an oil on mahogany panel picture by Martin Johnson Heade acquired by the National Gallery of Art in 1982.
Eugène Morel (21 June 1869 – 23 March 1934) was a French librarian, writer and literary critic. One of the founders of the Association of French Librarians, Morel contributed greatly to the development of French libraries and librarianship in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Äspered is a locality situated in Borås Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden. It had 287 inhabitants in 2010.
Jiří Hudec (31 August 1923 – 28 July 1996) was a Czech composer, conductor, arranger and organist. Hudec was born in Brno, Moravia, where he studied organ at the State Conservatory under F. Michálek.
Henri Junghänel (born 5 February 1988) is a German shooter.
""" 1989-90 Fighting Illini men's basketball team "" The 1989–90 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois."
Samir Khullar, better known as Sugar Sammy, is a Canadian comedian, actor, writer and producer from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Common ringtail possum weighs between 550 and 1100 g and is approximately 30-35 cm long when grown (excluding the tail, which is roughly the same length again).
Darron Brittman (born September 3, 1962) is a former American basketball player who is best known as the first officially recognized NCAA Division I season steals leader in 1985–86.
Night Shift (), is a 2015 crime thriller television series produced by Hong Kong Television Network.
The Howling Miller (Finnish: Ulvova mylläri) is a 1981 novel by the Finnish author Arto Paasilinna.
""" Song for My Father "" is a composition by Horace Silver."
Abdulrasheed Md Abubakar Nafisat Md Abubakar Mohammed Dikko Abubakar, CFR, NPM, mni (Rtd) was a Nigerian Policeman and former Inspector General of Police.
Hearts That Meet () is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
Poetic Pilgrimage is a British Muslim hip-hop duo, founded by Muneera Rashida and Sukina Abdul Noorin in 2002.
"KLRM (90.7 FM, ""K-LOVE"") is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary Christian music format. Licensed to Melbourne, Arkansas, United States, the station is currently owned by Educational Media Foundation and is a member of the K-LOVE network."
Anna in Kungfuland is a 2003 Hong Kong romantic comedy martial arts film directed by Raymond Yip, and starring Miriam Yeung and Ekin Cheng.
David Catherwood (born 7 May 1956) is a Northern Irish composer and conductor, with both vocal and choral works currently in print.
Joseph and Potiphar's Wife is a 1634 etching by Rembrandt (Bartsch 39).
The Marriage Nest () is a 1927 German silent film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Livio Pavanelli, Harry Liedtke, and Wolfgang Zilzer.
Noush Skaugen (/ˈnuːʃ ˈskaʊɡən/) is a British rock artist and actress.
Budzyno-Walędzięta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Wilfred Carter (19 June 1896 & mdash; 1 November 1975) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire County Cricket Club between 1920 and 1926 and football for Watford Football Club at the same time.
He was a key figure of the Lakeland Revival and was in leadership of Fresh Fire Ministries Canada until stepping down in August 2008. Todd Bentley was born in Sechelt, British Columbia, Canada.
Henry William Stiegel (May 13, 1729 in Cologne, Germany – January 10, 1785 in Pennsylvania, USA) was a German-American glassmaker and ironmaster.
"""I'll Leave This World Loving You"" is a country music song written by Wayne Kemp and Mack Vickery."
Lastrup is a municipality in the district of Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Radha Madhavam is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Suresh Unnithan and produced by Ali.
Mariano Moreno (Spanish pronunciation: [maˈɾjano moˈɾeno]; September 23, 1778 – March 4, 1811) was an Argentine lawyer, journalist, and politician.
Rafael da Silva Francisco (born 4 August 1983 in Guarulhos), commonly known as Rafinha , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Coritiba.
Candice Morgan (born 27 December 1980 in Lenasia, Johannesburg, South Africa) is an actress and former beauty queen from South Africa.
Vryburg Airport is an airport serving Vryburg, a town in the North West province, South Africa.
Gaetano Daniele is an Italian film producer.
Stockinbingal is a town in the South West Slopes and Riverina regions of New South Wales, Australia.
Rohini Khadilkar (born 1 April 1963 in Mumbai) is a chess player holding the title of Woman International Master (WIM). She has won the Indian women's championship five times and the Asian women's championship twice.
Kushti (transl. Wrestling) is an Indian comedy film directed by T.K. Rajeev Kumar.
Channel Awesome, Inc. is an American online media production company based in Lombard, Illinois. The company was created in 2008 by Mike Michaud, Mike Ellis, and Bhargav Dronamraju.
Jorge Johan Vásquez Rosales (born 8 October 1984 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a centre midfielder for Cienciano in the Peruvian First Division.
A Degree of Murder (German: Mord und Totschlag, French: Vivre à tout prix) is a 1967 West German film, starring Anita Pallenberg and directed by Volker Schlöndorff.
"""Hey Pretty Girl"" is a song recorded by American country music artist Kip Moore."
Ze'ev Seltzer (; born 9 February 1944) is an Israeli former footballer and current manager.
Pahikore Te Koeti Turanga (18 November 1883 – 13 March 1964), also known as John Butler Te Koeti, was a notable New Zealand mountaineer, guide, bushman, axeman.
Al Ruscio (June 2, 1924 – November 12, 2013) was an American character actor who appeared in numerous television shows and films. Ruscio was born in Salem, Massachusetts on June 2, 1924.
Romeo and Juliet is a 1936 American film adapted from the play by William Shakespeare, directed by George Cukor from a screenplay by Talbot Jennings.
Amanda Means (born 1945) is an American artist and photographer. Means was born in 1945 in Marion, New York.
Dr. Abdul Malik () is a Bangladeshi cardiologist and National Professor of Bangladesh. In 2004, he was awarded Independence Day Award (Shadhinata Padak), the highest state award by the Government of Bangladesh for contribution in medical science.
Rogelio Salmona (April 28, 1929 – October 3, 2007) was a Colombian architect.
Kim Sang-bum (Korean: 김상범; Hanja: 金尚汎; born July 7, 1989), known by the stage name Kim Bum, is a South Korean actor, dancer, singer and model.
Greenwheel was an American alternative rock band formed by friends Ryan Jordan, Brandon Armstrong, Andrew Dwiggins, Douglas Randall, and Marc Wanninger in November 1998.
Ferrum High School is a coeducational secondary school in Newcastle, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Carey Gully is a small town in the Adelaide Hills region of South Australia.
Thady Connellan () (1780 & ndash;1854) was an Irish school-teacher, poet and historian. He was born in Skreen, County Sligo, and was a relative of the scholar Owen Connellan.
Aspects of Andrew Lloyd Webber is the second studio album by Australian singer Marina Prior featuring Melbourne Symphony Orchestra conducted by Brian Stacey.
David Darom () (born 1943 in Bombay, India), is an Israeli marine biologist and a nature photographer.
Carrignamuck () is a townland within the civil parish of Magourney and catholic parish of Aghabullogue, County Cork, Ireland.
Real Men... Wear Black is a studio album by the funk/R&B group Cameo released in 1990 on Atlanta Artists/Mercury Records.
María Dolores is a 1953 Spanish drama film directed by José María Elorrieta.
Where Does This Door Go is the third studio album by American singer Mayer Hawthorne.
The Infinity Ring is a series of young adult science fiction adventure novels written by multiple authors, including James Dashner, Lisa McMann, Matt de la Peña, Matthew J. Kirby, and Jennifer A. Nielsen, in a similar fashion to The 39 Clues.
Kamila Nasr is a Canadian singer, composer and multi-instrumentalist based in Beijing, China.
The End Begins is the third studio album from American band Tantric.
Etchebar (Basque: Etxebarre) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Wernshausen is a part of Schmalkalden in the district Schmalkalden-Meiningen, in Thuringia, Germany. Category:Villages in Thuringia Category:Schmalkalden-Meiningen.
Left Handed Johnny West (Italian: Johnny West il mancino, also known just as Johnny West) is a 1965 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini.
Denne Bart Petitclerc (May 15, 1929 – February 3, 2006) was an American journalist, war correspondent, author, television producer, and screenwriter.
Air Paradise International was an airline based in Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia.
Blackwater, Dorset is a small hamlet in the borough of Christchurch, Dorset, in southern England.
KXLW (96.3 The Moose) is a commercial country music radio station in Houston, Alaska, broadcasting to the Anchorage, Alaska area on 96.3 FM.
Kristi Harvey (born 30 November 1988 ) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Metro United Women's Football Club in the FFSA Women's Premier League.
Los Alamitos High School (also known as Los Al) is a public school for grades 9 to 12 located in Los Alamitos, California, and also serving the city of Seal Beach and the community of Rossmoor.
The 56th Punjabi Rifles (Frontier Force) was an infantry regiment of the British Indian Army.
Bhagyada Balegara (Kannada: ಭಾಗ್ಯದ ಬಳೆಗಾರ) is a 2009 Kannada drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Ajay Kumar.
Bachanakeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
A Burlesque on Carmen is Charlie Chaplin's thirteenth film for Essanay Studios, originally released as Carmen on December 18, 1915.
Snorri Hjartarson (22 April 1906 – 27 December 1986) was an Icelandic poet, and a winner of the Nordic Council's Literature Prize. Hjartarson was born in Hvanneyri, Borgarfjörður.
Madame X (Spanish: La mujer X) is a 1955 Mexican drama film directed by Julián Soler and starring Libertad Lamarque.
Karl Artur Vilhelm Moberg (20 August 1898 – 8 August 1973) was a Swedish journalist, author, playwright, historian, and debater.
Timeless 2013 is the sixth live album by French singer-songwriter Mylène Farmer.
Artful Kate is a one reel silent film produced and released by IMP, the Independent Moving Pictures Company. It was directed Thomas H. Ince and starred Mary Pickford and her husband Owen Moore, previously working for D.W. Griffith at Biograph.
Pattanathu Rajakkal (English: Kings of city) is a 1982 Tamil action drama film, directed by S.
The Kamov Ka-20 (NATO reporting name Harp) was a Soviet twin-engined prototype helicopter designed and built by Kamov that led to the Ka-25 family of helicopters.
The Conquest of the Citadel (German: Die Eroberung der Zitadelle) is a 1977 West German drama film directed by Bernhard Wicki.
The Ashland Eagles are the athletic teams that represent Ashland University, located in Ashland, Ohio, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The River Weaver is a river, navigable in its lower reaches, running in a curving route anti-clockwise across west Cheshire, northern England.
Don't Dream, Annette () is a 1949 German comedy film directed by Eberhard Klagemann and Helmut Weiss and starring Jenny Jugo, Max Eckard and Karl Schönböck.
All Sorts and Conditions of Men is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Georges Tréville and starring Renee Kelly, Rex Davis and James Lindsay.
Sugar Symphony is the second extended play (EP) by American recording duo Chloe x Halle.
Eyes to the Sun is the first studio album by alternative rock band Sparks the Rescue.
Shen Haobo (Chinese: 沈浩波; pinyin: Shěn Hàobō) is a Chinese poet and publisher, born in 1976 in Taixing, Jiangsu province.
Bromley Brook School was a therapeutic boarding school in Manchester Center, Vermont, for teenage girls who were not functioning at traditional schools.
Henningen is a village and a former municipality in the district Altmarkkreis Salzwedel, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
GoUNESCO is an umbrella of initiatives that help promote awareness and provide tools for laypersons to engage with heritage. GoUNESCO was created by Ajay Reddy in 2012.
Ann Catherine Holbrook (born Ann Catherine Jackson) was a British actress.
Dear Myself is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Eiki Eiki, with a sequel, World's End.
Rupert Hambro was born on 27 June 1943. Rupert Nicholas Hambro, Debrett's His father, Jocelyn Hambro, served as the Chairman of Hambros Bank from 1965 to 1972.
The Assise de Millery is a geologic formation in France.
Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 14 (MALS-14) is an aviation logistics support unit of the United States Marine Corps.
KEOM (88.5 FM) is a non-commercial educational high school radio station based in Mesquite, Texas.
The Blood of Others () is a novel by the French existentialist Simone de Beauvoir first published in 1945 and depicting the lives of several characters in Paris leading up to and during the Second World War.
Řepeč is a village and municipality (obec) in Tábor District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Olius is a municipality in the comarca of the Solsonès in Catalonia, Spain.
"The Madaraka People's Movement, formerly known as Madaraka Party of Kenya, is a political party in Kenya which identifies itself as ""youth-focused""."
Juan de la Jaraquemada, (Canary Islands ?.
Salt Cay Airport is the public airport serving Salt Cay, the second largest of the Turks Islands in the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Rose Melberg is a musician and songwriter from Sacramento, California, currently based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Coordinates: 30°19′45.26″N 87°39′9.4″W﻿ / ﻿30.3292389°N 87.652611°W﻿ / 30.3292389; -87.652611 Columbia Southern University is a private, for-profit, online university with its headquarters in Orange Beach, Alabama.
Keys to Ascension 2 is the fifth live and sixteenth studio album by the English progressive rock band Yes.
Patrick Price (born July 18, 1994, in Sanford, North Carolina) known by his video game moniker ACHES, is an American professional eSports player.
Joseph Reinach (30 September 1856 – 18 April 1921) was a French author and politician. He was born in Paris.
Wassertrüdingen is a town in the district of Ansbach, Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
The Royal Order of Sahametrei (Khmer:គ្រឿងឥស្សរិយយសលំដាប់សហមេត្រី) is a chivalric order conferred by the Government of the Kingdom of Cambodia.
""" When Your Lips Are So Close "" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Gord Bamford."
The Urquiza Line is a 26 km (16 mi) suburban electric commuter rail line in Buenos Aires, Argentina, operated by the Buenos Aires Underground operator Metrovías.
Kangaroo is a 2015 Tamil language action thriller film written and directed by Samy and produced by V House Productions.
Robert Lacour-Gayet (July 22, 1896 – March 2, 1989) was a French banking official, historian, author, and educator who taught in the United States after World War II.
Juba Air Cargo was a cargo airline based in Khartoum, Sudan.
Daniela Escobar Duncan (born January 16, 1969, in São Borja) is a Brazilian actress and television presenter.
A Big 10-8 Place is Negativland's 3rd album, which is a concept album released in 1983.
Arthur Glasier (March 17, 1853 & ndash; February 16, 1922) was an agriculturalist and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.
Chief Samuel Oluyemisi Falae CFR (born September 21, 1938), simply known as Olu Falae, is a Nigerian banker, administrator and politician from Akure, Ondo State.
Her debut album Voodoo was independently released in 2010, followed by the demo release of The Basement Recordings in 2011, with its sequel, The Basement Recordings II, and EP Skipping Stone in 2012. The Basement Recordings III was released in 2013.
Dani Dayan (); born 29 November 1955) is an Israeli-Argentine entrepreneur and Consul General of Israel in New York since August 2016.
Masahiro Andoh (安藤 正容, Andō Masahiro, born September 16, 1954) is a Japanese composer, guitarist and T-Square's leader from Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
BBC Sound Effects No. 19: Doctor Who Sound Effects is a 1978 compilation of sound effects by the BBC Radiophonic Workshop from the BBC science fiction series Doctor Who.
Nzagi (Andrada) is a town, with a population of 60,000 (2014), and a municipality in Lunda Norte Province in Angola.
Kaliyuga Seethe is a 1992 Indian Kannada-language romantic drama film directed by Vijay and written by M. D.
The Last Married Couple in America is a 1980 comedy film released in the US. It was directed by Gilbert Cates, whose most successful film Oh, God!.
The Siege of Almeida took place in August 1762 when a Spanish force besieged and captured the city of Almeida from its Portuguese defenders during the Seven Years' War.
"Nipisat Island (Kalaallisut: "" Lumpfish "" , referring to the island's shape) Gotfredsen, pp. 7 is a small, uninhabited island in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland."
Patrice Debray (born 25 January 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
Erika Padilla (born November 22, 1986) is a Filipino actress, TV host, model and sideline reporter.
Fayetteville Technical Community College (FTCC or, informally, Fay Tech) is a community college in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
Bijoya Ray (27 October 1917 – 2 June 2015) was the wife of the Indian filmmaker Satyajit Ray. Their son Sandip Ray is also a film director.
The Lonely Revolts are an American Christian punk band, who primarily play punk rock and Oi!.
Ostreville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Nerone (1930) is an Italian comedy film, directed by Alessandro Blasetti.
Six Monk's Compositions (1987) is an album by American saxophonist and composer Anthony Braxton recorded in 1987 for the Italian Black Saint label.
A Wooded Marsh (c. 1660s) is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
Richard Hambro was born on 1 October 1946. His father, Jocelyn Hambro, served as the Chairman of Hambros Bank from 1965 to 1972.
The Guitar Artistry of Charlie Byrd is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1960 and released on the Riverside label in 1963.
Aaron Townsend (born 4 July 1981) is an Australian professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour of Australasia.
Bagh-e Bahadoran District (Persian: بخش باغ بهادران‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.
Ambedkar Institute of Advanced Communication Technologies and Research (abbreviated AIACTR or AIT Delhi) is a public engineering college located in Geeta Colony, Delhi.
Aladin is a 2009 Indian Hindi-language fantasy action film directed by Sujoy Ghosh.
Oscar Vicente Scavone (born July 2, 1955 in Asunción) is a successful Paraguayan businessman and former president of one of the nation's premier soccer teams, Club Olimpia.
Nentcho Christov (Bulgarian: Ненчо Христов; 17 December 1933 – 3 May 2002) was a Bulgarian cyclist.
Carlos Emiliano Salinas (born 1976) is a venture capitalist and businessman. He is the son of former Mexican president Carlos Salinas de Gortari.
Aleksandar Trifunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Tpифунoвић; born May 13, 1954) is a Serbian former midfielder who played for SFR Yugoslavia.
Korrie Layun Rampan (17 August 1953 & ndash; 19 November 2015) was an Indonesian novelist, short story writer, poet, literary critic, journalist, and politician.
Clément is a 2001 French drama film directed by Emmanuelle Bercot.
Jørgen Sonne. Portrait by Wilhelm Marstrand (1853) Jørgen Valentin Sonne (24 June 1801, Birkerød – 24 September 1890, Copenhagen) was a Danish genre painter; known primarily for his battle scenes.
Bamanga Tukur (CON) (born 15 September 1935) is a prominent Nigerian businessman and politician who served as Minister for Industries in the administration of General Sani Abacha during the 1990s.
"Royal Prussian Jagdstaffel 71, commonly abbreviated to Jasta 71, was a "" hunting group "" (i.e., fighter squadron) of the Luftstreitkräfte, the air arm of the Imperial German Army during World War I."
Soy Nero is a 2016 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Rafi Pitts.
Images and Words is the second studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater, released on July 7, 1992 through ATCO Records.
In the Public Record Office, London, there is an extant document, written in Latin, which records the payment to Joan by John of Gaunt for the maintenance of her younger daughter Mary after the latter's marriage until she came of age in 1384.
Tayab (Persian: تاياب‎, also Romanized as Tāyāb) is a village in Shurab Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Atos Syntel is a division of Atos and a multinational provider of integrated technology and business services. The company is led by Rakesh Khanna.
Ali Babachahi (Persian: علی باباچاهی‎, born 10 November 1942 in Bushehr, Iran) is an Iranian poet, writer, researcher, and literary critic.
Dionysis Diakos (Greek: Διονύσης Διάκος, 1805-1887) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence.
Let's All Hate Toronto is a 2007 Canadian documentary film co-directed by independent documentarian Albert Nerenberg and Rob Spence.
Darren Wilson is drummer of the Chicago-based indie-rock group The Hush Sound.
Armen Movsessian (, born in Yerevan, Armenia) is a violin player. His formal training as a musician began as a child.
Leon Danielian and Jocelyn Vollmar, 1958. Leon Danielian (31 October 1920 – 8 March 1997) was an American ballet dancer, teacher, choreographer, and educator.
Jakob Sveistrup (born March 8, 1972) is a Danish singer.
"Liberty Township, Carroll County, Arkansas. "" As of the 2010 census, its total population was 158."
Blackout is a 1985 American made-for-television psychological thriller film directed by Douglas Hickox, and written by Richard Smith, Richard Parks, Les Alexander, and David Ambrose.
Jung Byung-hee (Korean: 정병희; born 6 November 1987), better known by his stage name G.O (Korean: 지오), is a South Korean singer-songwriter and actor.
Dennis Elwell (16 February 1930 – 13 November 2014) was a British astrologer, journalist, author and lecturer.
Södra Klagshamn was a locality situated in Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 1,367 inhabitants in 2010.
Fata Morgana Land () was a phantom island in the Arctic.
The Blackdown Greensand is a geologic formation in England.
Fanboys is a 2009 comedy film directed by Kyle Newman and starring Sam Huntington, Chris Marquette, Dan Fogler, Jay Baruchel and Kristen Bell.
Black Pastels is the debut album by cellist Hank Roberts which was recorded in 1987 and released on the JMT label.
José Carlos Schwarz (Bissau, December 6, 1949 – Havana, May 27, 1977) was a Bissau-Guinean poet and musician.
Get Married is a 2007 Indonesian romantic comedy directed by Hanung Bramantyo.
Sir Michael Anthony Arthur (born 28 August 1950) is a former senior British diplomat, who was Her Majesty's British Ambassador to Germany, 2007-10.
This One Summer is a graphic novel written by Mariko Tamaki and illustrated by Jillian Tamaki published by First Second Books in 2014.
James Harris (born June 2, 1982) is a former American football fullback/linebacker. 2011 VooDoo roster Born the son of Ronnie and Bertha Harris, James attended Thomson High School, in Thomson, Georgia, where he lettered only twice, in two season of football.
Artur Sarnat (born 20 September 1970 in Kraków) is a retired Polish professional footballer who played for Wisła Kraków and Polonia Warsaw in the Polish Ekstraklasa.
Boduel is a hamlet in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Thomas Berger grew up in the nearby community of Lockland.
Poogy Tales (Hebrew: סיפורי פוגי‎, romanized: Sipurei Pugi) is the debut album by Israeli rock band, Kaveret, released in 1973.
The 1970 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match between Manchester City of England and Górnik Zabrze of Poland on 29 April 1970 at Prater Stadium in Vienna, Austria.
Preston Bailey (born July 25, 2000) is an American actor who started acting at the age of two.
Deepanath Channa Perera is an Sri Lankan Film actor in Sri Lankan cinema and television as well as a filmmaker and screenplay writer.
"""One More Time"" is a song by French electronic music duo Daft Punk, first released as a single on 30 November 2000 and later included in the 2001 album Discovery."
Michrówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
WEZC (95.9 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Clinton, Illinois.
Travelling Light is a 1959 British naturist documentary from Edward Craven Walker.
Nowe Kichary [ˈnɔvɛ kiˈxarɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Tarzan and the Leopard Woman is a 1946 action film based on the Tarzan character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs and portrayed by Johnny Weissmuller. Directed by Kurt Neumann, film sees Tarzan encounter a tribe of leopard-worshippers.
Historia de un beso (English: Story of a Kiss) is a 2002 Spanish drama film directed by José Luis Garci and written by Garci and Horacio Valcárcel.
Cuban Missile Crisis: The Aftermath, also known as The Day After: Fight for Promised Land and known in Russia as Caribbean Crisis (), is a real-time tactics computer game published by 1C Company in Russia, Black Bean in Europe and Strategy First in United States.
The Bells is a 1931 British drama film directed by Harcourt Templeman and Oscar Werndorff and starring Donald Calthrop, Jane Welsh, and Edward Sinclair.
Rwindi Airport is an airport serving the town of Rwindi in Nord-Kivu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Ghobad Shiva (Persian: قباد شیوا‎, born 1940 in Hamadan, Iran) is an Iranian graphic designer.
NGC 208 is a spiral galaxy located approximately 229 million light-years from the Solar System in the constellation Pisces.
Juropani (जुरोपानी) is a village development committee of the Jhapa district of Nepal.
Behemoth is a steel roller coaster at Canada's Wonderland in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.
Twelfth Night is a 1986 Australian film based on the play directed by Neil Armfield and starring Gillian Jones, Ivar Kants, and Peter Cummins.
Grödby is a locality situated in Nynäshamn Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 340 inhabitants in 2010.
The Baciu is a right tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It discharges into the Olt in Dobolii de Jos.
Ville-Matti Koponen (born January 4, 1984 in Lahti) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Kiekko-Laser of the Mestis.
Kotkeh () is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
The Latin Bit is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1962 and released on the Blue Note label.
Ataurrehman () is an Indian politician and a member of the Sixteenth Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh in India.
The Basket of Bread is a painting by Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí.
A Hoof Here, a Hoof There () is a Czech drama film directed by Věra Chytilová.
Arnold Krug (October 16, 1849 in Hamburg – August 14, 1904 in Hamburg), was a German composer and music teacher.
Gamawa is a Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Nigeria, bordering Yobe State in the east.
Icon Ventures is an American venture capital firm located in Palo Alto, California, United States. Front row: David Scott, Joe Horowitz, Will Harbin Icon Ventures was founded by Joe Horowitz in 2003 in Palo Alto, California under the name Jafco Ventures.
Perfectly Damaged is the sixth studio album from Swedish singer Måns Zelmerlöw.
Clement Town is a town of Dehradun district in the state of Uttarakhand, India.
Darmanlu (, also Romanized as Darmānlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Marco Simoncelli (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmarko simonˈtʃɛlli]; 20 January 1987 – 23 October 2011) was an Italian professional motorcycle racer.
"Jane Eyre /ɛər/ (originally published as Jane Eyre: An Autobiography) is a novel by English writer Charlotte Brontë, published under the pen name ""Currer Bell"", on 16 October 1847, by Smith, Elder & Co. of London."
Ratan Kumar Sinha, widely known by R. K. Sinha, is an Indian nuclear scientist and mechanical engineer.
Can't Count Me Out is the sixth studio album by American R&B/jazz singer Miki Howard, released in 1997 under Hush Records.
Brian Donnelly (born November 4, 1974), known professionally as Kaws (stylized as KAWS), is an American artist and designer.
Opacz Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Memories of the Desert (Portuguese: Romance Policial) is a 2014 Brazilian-Chilean crime drama film directed and written by Jorge Durán.
Alexandra Wentworth (born January 12, 1965) is an American actress, comedian, author, and producer.
Trebinje is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 74 people.
Jöhstadt is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
KDLK-FM (94.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Del Rio, Texas, United States.
Hamish Stuart Greg Taylor Andrew Ross Jimmy and the Boys were an Australian shock rock and new wave band, active from 1976 to 1982.
André Silva (born January 10, 1975), better known by his pen name André Vianco, is a Brazilian best-selling novelist, screenwriter, and film and television director.
Anschau is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
A Grass Rope is a children's novel by William Mayne, first published by Oxford in 1957 with illustrations by Lynton Lamb.
Raroth is a village in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala, India. As of 2001[update] India census, Raroth had a population of 29583 with 14515 males and 15068 females.
Pirates: Duels on the High Seas is an adventure game for Nintendo DS.
Mini is a 1995 award-winning Malayalam film written by Iskantar Mirsa, produced by Madhu and directed by P.
David Porter (born November 21, 1941) is an American record producer, songwriter, singer, entrepreneur and philanthropist.
Philippe Bühler (born 29 November 1981) a.k.a. Philippe Heithier (named after his mother's birth name) is a German singer, songwriter, dancer, record producer and manager.
Sebastian Francis Shaw is a Pakistani Roman Catholic archbishop.
Jehanzeb Jamaldini is a Pakistani politician and a member of Senate of Pakistan, affiliated with Balochistan National Party (BNP-M).
Danielle Doyer (born December 17, 1951 in Mont-Joli, Quebec) is a Quebec politician and teacher.
Qassim University is a public university in the Al-Qassim Province of Saudi Arabia.
Songs of Faith and Devotion is the eighth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode.
M18x (Discontinued) - Introduced in 2011, it is considered a replacement for the original M17x design, but with a bigger chassis, a screen up to 18.4 inches, dual MXM 3.
Inge Nissen is a Danish basketball player and coach.
Darkend (or Dark End) is an Italian symphonic black metal band.
Samson Mbingui (born 9 February 1992) is a Gabonese professional footballer who plays for the Gabon national football team. Mbingui was a member of the Gabon national under-23 football team at the 2011 CAF U-23 Championship and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Adventures of Frank and Jesse James is a 1948 Republic film serial directed by Fred C. Brannon and Yakima Canutt and starring Clayton Moore, Steve Darrell, Noel Neill, George J.
Ahmet Furkan Tarhan is a businessman in Turkey.
Hattfjelldal Airport () is a general aviation airport located in the village of Hattfjelldal, in Hattfjelldal Municipality in Nordland county, Norway.
"Collection is a 2002 compilation album from Swedish ""dansband"" Arvingarna."
Ken Coates (born 1956 in Alberta and raised in Whitehorse, Yukon) is a Canadian historian focused on the history of the Canadian North and Aboriginal rights and indigenous claims.
I Was Monty's Double (aka Hell, Heaven or Hoboken) is a 1958 film made by Associated British Picture Corporation (ABPC). It was directed by John Guillermin.
Gabriel Valongo da Silva better known as Gabriel (Camaçari, June 30, 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a center back for Luverdense.
San Pedro Bercianos is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 346 inhabitants.
The Loves of Mary, Queen of Scots is a 1923 British silent historical film directed by Denison Clift and starring Fay Compton, Gerald Ames and Ivan Samson.
Toksovo (Russian: То́ксово; Finnish: Toksova) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located 20 kilometers (12 mi) to the north of St. Petersburg on the Karelian Isthmus.
ShopClues is an online marketplace owned by Clues Network Pvt. It was established in July 2011 in Silicon Valley by Sanjay Sethi, Sandeep Aggarwal and Radhika Aggarwal.
Marc Leepson (born June 20, 1945 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American journalist, historian, and author.
Savita Vaid (born 1985), better known by her stage name Ms Scandalous, is an English bhangra/rap artist. Vaid was born in Southall, West London, to a Punjabi family.
Conjurer is a 2008 supernatural horror film directed by Clint Hutchison and written by Hutchison and David Yarbrough.
Borbetomagus is the debut studio album of Borbetomagus, released in 1980 by Agaric Records.
Abraham Woodhull (October 7, 1750January 23, 1826) was a leading member of the American Culper Spy Ring in New York City and Setauket, New York during the American Revolutionary War.
An alumna of Alexandra College, Dublin, she was recognized as a role model for women in higher education in Ireland and England. Igerna Sollas was born 16 March 1877 in the town of Dawlish at Devon, the daughter of geologist William Johnson Sollas and his first wife Helen.
Theni District is a district of Tamil Nadu state in India.Theni district is Located beside Madurai district.
Evgeni Ryabchikov (born January 16, 1974 in Yaroslavl, Soviet Union) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender.
Letter at Dawn (Italian: Una lettera all'alba) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.
Egid Quirin Asam (1 September 1692 (baptized) – 29 April 1750) was a German plasterer and sculptor active during the period of the Late Baroque. Born in Tegernsee, Bavaria, Asam worked mainly together with his brother, the architect and painter Cosmas Damian Asam.
__NOTOC__ The CAP-1 Planalto was a military trainer aircraft built in Brazil during World War II.
Bad Boy Bill (born William Renkosik) is a disc jockey (DJ) from Chicago, Illinois, U.S. who plays an assortment of house music.
My Wife's Romance () is a 2011 French drama film written and directed by Djamshed Usmonov and starring Olivier Gourmet and Léa Seydoux.
Frozen in the Moment: Live in Atlanta is the first live album and DVD by progressive metal band Redemption.
Eugenio Garza Sada (January 11, 1892 – September 17, 1973) was an industrialist in the city of Monterrey, Mexico best known for founding the Instituto Tecnologico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM) school system in the country.
CherFitness: Body Confidence is the second fitness video by singer and actress Cher.
Incredible is the second Korean solo studio album by JYJ member Kim Junsu (stage name: XIA).
Princess Teresa Czartoryska (1785–1868) was a Polish noblewoman. She married Prince Henryk Ludwik Lubomirski (1777–1850) on May 24, 1807.
"Thutmose, also known as ""The King's Favourite and Master of Works, the Sculptor Thutmose"" (also spelled Djhutmose, Thutmosis, and Thutmes), was an Ancient Egyptian sculptor."
Lincoln is the second studio album by the band They Might Be Giants.
Ntoltse Vita (Greek: Ντόλτσε Βίτα, Italian: Dolce Vita, English: Sweet Life) is a Greek comedy directed by Alexandros Rigas and co-written with Lefteris Papapetrou, which aired on Mega Channel from 1995-97.
Vaikne is a lake in Estonia.
Willie Nelson & Friends – Stars & Guitars is a 2002 live album by country singer Willie Nelson.
George Eliava (Georgian — გიორგი ელიავა; January 13, 1892 & ndash; July 10, 1937) was a Georgian-soviet microbiologist who worked with bacteriophages (viruses that infect bacteria).
The Submission of Prince Dipo Negoro to General De Kock (Dutch: De onderwerping van Diepo Negoro aan luitenant-generaal baron De Kock) is an oil painting on canvas painted by Nicolaas Pieneman between 1830 and 1835.
Xitintoday is a studio album released by Nik Turner's Sphynx in 1978.
Radio Corporación (Pichilemu) is a radio station located in Pichilemu.
"Giovanni Battista Caproni, 1st Count of Taliedo (July 3, 1886 – October 27, 1957), known as ""Gianni"" Caproni, was an Italian aeronautical engineer, civil engineer, electrical engineer, and aircraft designer who founded the Caproni aircraft-manufacturing company."
Trusted Media Brands, Inc. (TMBI), formerly known as the Reader's Digest Association, Inc. (RDA), is an American multi-platform media and publishing company that is co-headquartered in New York City and White Plains, New York.
Le Pays de la Sagouine is an Acadian celebration in Bouctouche, New Brunswick, Canada, founded by Antonine Maillet.
Gerasimos Vokos (, 1868–1927) was a Greek scholar, writer, painter, and journalist. Descended from the Hydriot family of Vokos, he was born in Patras in 1868 and died in Paris, France in 1928.
Wramplingham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
Rafter Romance is an American 1933 pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
To Venus in Five Seconds: An Account of the Strange Disappearance of Thomas Plummer, Pillmaker is a science fiction satire written by Fred T. Jane, the author of the original Jane's Fighting Ships and the founder of what would in time become the Jane's Information Group.
Ana Laura is the debut studio album by contemporary Christian music recording artist Ana Laura, and the album released on March 7, 2006 by Reunion Records that Rob Graves produced.
Dybt vand (English: Deep Water) is a Danish TV movie thriller from 1999, directed by Ole Bornedal.
The Óbuda University (Hungarian: Óbudai Egyetem, Latin: Universitas Budensis) named after Óbuda, a part of Budapest, is a technical university in Budapest, Hungary.
National Kaohsiung University of Applied Sciences (KUAS; Chinese: 國立高雄應用科技大學; pinyin: Guólì Gāoxióng Yìngyòng Kējì Dàxué) was a university located in Yanchao District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
All Men Are Brothers: Blood of the Leopard is a 1993 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Billy Chan and starring Tony Leung, Joey Wong, Elvis Tsui and Sean Lau.
Since its development in the 1970s and 1980s, MRI has proven to be a versatile imaging technique.
A Luz do Tom is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos, based on the book Antonio Carlos Jobim: um Homem Iluminado, written by Helena Jobim.
""" Me Without You "" is a song by Christian hip hop-rock-pop musician TobyMac from his fifth studio album, Eye On It."
Mallam Isa Yuguda (born 15 June 1956) was Governor of Bauchi State, Nigeria.
Beautiful Dreamer: Brian Wilson and the Story of Smile is a 2004 documentary film directed by David Leaf about American musician Brian Wilson, the Beach Boys' unfinished Smile album, and the making of Wilson's Brian Wilson Presents Smile.
Innocent Mdledle (born 11 December 1985 in Matatiele, Eastern Cape) is a South African professional footballer who plays at left-back for SuperSport United F.C. in the Premier Soccer League and for the South Africa national football team.
Brethren is an Australian hip hop duo from Sydney formed in 1989. The group comprises Matthew Peet a.k.a.
Ołdaki-Polonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Big Day is a 1960 British drama film directed by Peter Graham Scott and starring Donald Pleasence, Andrée Melly and Colin Gordon.
Nykroppa is a locality situated in Filipstad Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 846 inhabitants in 2010.
Coordinates: 50°11′42″N 5°10′48″W﻿ / ﻿50.195°N 5.180°W﻿ / 50.195; -5.180 Falmouth and Camborne was, from 1950 until 2010, a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Gugalj () is a village in the municipality of Požega, western Serbia.
Alien is the fourth studio album by Canadian extreme metal band Strapping Young Lad.
Marquette Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Alton, Illinois.
Mahfoud Bouabdallah (born May 19, 1982) is an Algerian professional footballer. He currently plays as a defender for the Algerian Ligue 2 club Olympique de Médéa.
The Door (German: Die Tür) is a 2009 German science fiction thriller film directed by Anno Saul and starring Mads Mikkelsen and Jessica Schwarz.
Marcus Schmickler (born November 15, 1968, in Cologne) is a German composer, musician, and producer.
Bogucice Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Diogo Campos Gomes (born 31 December 1990) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward, winger, or attacking midfielder for Indonesian club Borneo.
KIOD (105.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to McCook, Nebraska, United States.
Edgemead is one of the Atlantic Seaboard suburbs of Cape Town. It is one of several garden cities of South Africa, the first being Pinelands in the southern suburbs.
Gariwal is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Jiří Kochta (born October 11, 1946 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga.
Joseph-Arthur Bradette (October 16, 1886 – September 12, 1961) was a Canadian politician, farmer and merchant.
Damzabad (, also Romanized as Damzābād and Damezābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.
Keep Calm and Carry On is the seventh studio album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics.
Un tango dalla Russia is a 1965 Italian spy film directed by Cesare Canevari.
Iddaru Mitrulu (transl. Two friends) is a 1999 Tollywood drama film which was directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.
Joseph John Davies VC (28 April 1889 – 16 February 1976) was a British recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Sylvie is a Canadian indie rock music group from Regina, Saskatchewan.
Usselby is a hamlet in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England, United Kingdom.
Pfrogner Point is an ice-covered point on the northwest extension of Fletcher Peninsula in Antarctica; it is partially encompassed by the Abbot Ice Shelf.
Live in Cook County Jail is a 1971 live album by American blues musician B.B.
Você Nem Imagina (Portuguese for You Can't Even Imagine) is a compilation album by Brazilian band Fellini.
Nighat Parveen () was a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, from March 2008 to May 2018.
'Heathfield Community School is a community secondary school located at West Monkton in the outskirts of Taunton, England.
The son of Mel Didier, a longtime scout and player development executive in the major leagues, Bob Didier was born in Hattiesburg, Mississippi.
VisualDx is clinical decision support system (CDSS) software intended to be used by medical practitioners, including primary care practitioners, to assist them in differential diagnosis.
Poet and the Roots are a reggae band formed to record dub poet Linton Kwesi Johnson's poems with dub backing tracks.
Krishna Nee Begane Baro (Kannada: ಕೃಷ್ಣಾ ನೀ ಬೇಗನೆ ಬಾರೋ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film, directed by H.
"KTPI (1340 AM, ""News Talk 1340 KTPI"") is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Mojave, California, United States and serves the Antelope Valley area."
Order of the Leech is the tenth studio album by the British grindcore band Napalm Death, released in 2002 through Spitfire.
Roberto Vestrini (30 January 1908, in Livorno & ndash; 12 March 1967) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Sacred and Profane Love (Italian: Amor Sacro e Amor Profano) is an oil painting by Titian, probably painted in 1514, early in his career.
James Pollock Brown (April 4, 1841 – May 30, 1913) was a Canadian politician. Born in Beau River, Canada East, the son of David Brown and Jean Pollock both from Renfrewshire, Scotland, Brown was educated at the Elementary Schools and the Business College of New Haven, Connecticut.
The Outside Within is an album by American jazz saxophonist Chico Freeman recorded in 1978 and released on the India Navigation label.
Blatnica Pokupska is a village in Croatia. There were 59 inhabitants living there in 2001.
Jo Anne Hart (born December 29, 1953) better known by her stage name Mother Love is an American author, actress and humorist.
Oppo N1 is an Android smartphone developed by Oppo Electronics.
The Battle of Tellaru was fought in 830 between the forces of the Pallava King Nandivarman III and the Pandyan King Srimara Srivallabha.
Tough Love is the second studio album by English singer Jessie Ware.
Chocolate Milk was an American funk and soul band from New Orleans, Louisiana, active in the 1970s and early 1980s.
The Mountaintop is a play by American playwright Katori Hall.
Cacique Blanco Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Cacique Blanco, ICAO: SCBC) is a public use airport located near Lago Verde, Aisén del General Carlos Ibañez del Campo, Chile.
Cacaopera is a municipality in the Morazán department of El Salvador.
Edgaras Ulanovas (born January 7, 1992) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Žalgiris Kaunas of the Lithuanian Basketball League and the EuroLeague.
Emmanuel Kavi or Komlan Kavi (born 3 March 1970, Lomé Togo) is an African contemporary artist and painter.
Keep Your Friends and Loves Close. Keep the City You Call Home Closer is a live EP by the indie rock band Headlights.
Partly Cloudy with Sunny Spells ( ) is a 2015 comedy film written and directed by Marco Pontecorvo and starring Luca Zingaretti, Pasquale Petrolo, Carolina Crescentini and John Turturro.
Black Out is a psychological thriller by bestselling author Lisa Unger.
WGUC (90.9 FM) is a public radio station serving Cincinnati, Ohio.
University of Economy and Enterprise (; ) is a university located in Jalal-Abad, Kyrgyzstan.
Ray Willsey (September 30, 1928 – November 4, 2013) was an American gridiron football player and coach.
The New China () is a 1950 Soviet documentary film directed by Sergei Gerasimov.
The Dodge Brothers are a British skiffle band from Southampton playing Americana, rockabilly, bluegrass, folk, country and blues music.
Raze is a 2013 action horror film that was directed by Josh C. Waller.
The Claremont Institution for the Deaf and Dumb at Glasnevin, Dublin, was the first school for the Deaf in Ireland. It was established in 1816 by Dr. Charles Orpen.
""" Preachers "" is a Ghanaian urban gospel group. The group is made up of three members, Obed Psych, Emani Beats and Edmund Baidoo."
Isabel Blanco (born 10 May 1979 in Bergen) is a Norwegian handball player of Galician descent.
Renegades is an album by American jazz flautist Nicole Mitchell, recorded in 2008 and released on Delmark.
Kidepo Airport is an airfield in Northern Region, Uganda. The airport is at Lomej, approximately south of the headquarters of Kidepo Valley National Park, and northeast of Entebbe International Airport, the country’s largest civilian and military airport.
Everybody's Sweetheart is a 1920 American silent comedy-drama film directed by Laurence Trimble and Alan Crosland and written by John Lynch.
The Fourth Man is a 2007 Serbian action film directed by Dejan Zečević.
Vadim Khomitsky (born July 21, 1982) is a Russian former professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an assistant coach for HC Sochi in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) with whom he last played for.
The Heroes of Telemark is a 1965 British war film directed by Anthony Mann based on the true story of the Norwegian heavy water sabotage during the Second World War from Skis Against the Atom, the memoirs of Norwegian resistance soldier Knut Haukelid.
Luusika is a village in Laekvere Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.
Saint-Pierre-sur-Vence is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Iris Gordy is an American songwriter, producer, and music executive. She is a former vice president at Motown, where she helped launch the careers of DeBarge, Teena Marie, and Rick James, Mandre, Bobby Nunn and Tata Vega.
Lupu Pick (2 January 1886 & ndash; 7 March 1931) was a German actor, film director, producer and screenwriter of the silent era.
Kiril Lazarov () (born 10 May 1980 in Sveti Nikole, then in SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for HBC Nantes and the Macedonian national team.
United States is an American sitcom (dramedy) that aired on NBC from March 11 until April 29, 1980.
Garifuna in Peril is a low-budget independent fiction docufiction feature film directed, written, and produced by Alí Allié and Rubén Reyes.
Clarion County Airport (ICAO: KAXQ, FAA LID: AXQ) is a public airport three miles northwest of Clarion, a borough in Clarion County, Pennsylvania.
Disasteroid is the debut studio album of the Indianapolis Christian horror punk band Blaster the Rocketboy, released in 1995.
KFFK (1390 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish News/Talk format. It is licensed to Rogers, Arkansas, United States, and serves the Fayetteville (Northwest Arkansas) area.
is a Japanese singer and songwriter performing under the stage name Kokia (styled KOKIA).
Drowned God: Conspiracy of the Ages is a 1996 science fiction adventure game developed by Epic Multimedia Group and published by Inscape.
Upernavik Kujalleq Heliport (ICAO: BGKL) is a heliport in Upernavik Kujalleq, a village in the Upernavik Archipelago of Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
Céleste Boursier-Mougenot (born 1961 in Nice, France) is a modern French artist.
Thunai (Support) is a 1982 Indian Tamil film, directed by Durai and produced by Durai.
Fair Exchange is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Patric Knowles, Raymond Lovell and Cecil Humphreys.
"""Here's Some Love"" is a song written by Richard Mainegra and Jack Roberts, and recorded by American country music artist Tanya Tucker."
Shinee World 2013 (promoted as JAPAN ARENA TOUR SHINee WORLD 2013 ～Boys Meet U～) is the second Japan nationwide concert tour by South Korean boy group Shinee to promote their second Japanese studio album, Boys Meet U.
Cheshmeh Zowraq (; also known as Chashmeh-ye Dūrakh and Cheshmeh-ye Dūrakh) is a village in Kamazan-e Vosta Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.
WKSK is an AM radio station in West Jefferson, North Carolina.
Bix is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati and starring Bryant Weeks.
Ri Sol-ju (; Hanja: 李雪主; born 19 85 –90) is the First Lady of North Korea and wife of North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un.
"WGCO (98.3 FM, ""Hot 98-3"") is a commercial radio station licensed to Midway, Georgia."
Prnjavor (Kalesija) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Beer Lovers Party (Russian: Партия любителей пива) was created in Russia on December 26, 1993 and officially registered on August 9, 1994.
The Fresco River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
Let It Bleed is the eighth British and tenth American studio album by English rock band the Rolling Stones, released in December 1969 by Decca Records in the United Kingdom and London Records in the United States.
Vordemwald is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Mother of Pearl (1999) is a novel by Melinda Haynes, and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection, June 1999.
Johann Georg Ebeling (8 July 1637 – 4 December 1676) was a German composer who was born in Lüneburg and died in Stettin.
Danny and the Champions of the World are a heartland rock and soul band. Formed in London during the summer of 2007 by Danny George Wilson, the band have since released six studio albums and one live album.
The velvety fruit-eating bat (Enchisthenes hartii), also known as Hart's little fruit bat, is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae. Individuals weigh 14-18 g (0.49-0.63 oz).
Princess Margaret Hospital (Chinese: 瑪嘉烈醫院; Cantonese Yale: Máhgāliht Yīyún) or PMH is a major acute district general hospital in south Kwai Chung, near Lai Chi Kok, Hong Kong, managed by the Hospital Authority.
De Mornay co-produced Cohen's 1992 album The Future, which is also dedicated to her.
Stanley M. Chesley (born March 26, 1936) is a disbarred Ohio trial lawyer. He is the husband of federal judge Susan J. Dlott.
WCIF is a Christian radio station licensed to Melbourne, Florida, broadcasting on 106.3 & nbsp;MHz FM.
Harvey Lowe (30 October 1918 – 11 March 2009) was a Canadian radio presenter and world yo-yo champion. Lowe was born in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada in 1918, the youngest of eight daughters and two sons of his parents.
Nadia Buari (born November 21, 1982) is a Ghanaian actress.
Masafumi Akikawa (秋川 雅史, Akikawa Masafumi) is a Japanese tenor singer.
Tzu Hui Institute of Technology () is a private university in Nanzhou Township, Pingtung County, Taiwan.
Tear Gas is the fourth album by The Jacka consisting of 19 songs.
The Mass Is Ended () is a 1985 Italian comedy film, written, starring and directed by Nanni Moretti.
Alex. Brown & Sons was the first investment bank in the United States, founded by Alexander Brown in 1800 in Baltimore, Maryland.
Boutarfaya is a village in the commune of Timoudi, in Kerzaz District, Béchar Province, Algeria.
Francesco Gonzaga, C.R. (1602 – 18 December, 1673) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Nola (1657–1673) and Bishop of Cariati e Cerenzia (1633–1657).
Hugo also has a brother, Simon, and a sister, Anna Jane.
Cavalera Conspiracy is an American heavy metal supergroup founded by Brazilian brothers Max (vocals, rhythm guitar) and Igor Cavalera (drums), currently performing along with American musicians Marc Rizzo (lead guitar) and Tony Campos (bass).
Martin Rummel (born 2 May 1974, in Linz) is an Austrian cellist, currently living in Auckland.
Neo Chwee Kok, John Paul (; 31 May 1931 – 23 January 1987) was a Singaporean swimmer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
A Wish for Christmas is the fifth album recorded by Philippine-based vocal ensemble Hangad.
Furfura Sharif (also known as Furfura, Phurphura, Furfura Darbar Sharif) is a village in Jangipara community development block of Srirampore subdivision in Hooghly District in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Théo Becker Oliveira (born November 24, 1976) is a Brazilian actor, model and singer.
Piling Bay is an uninhabited waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Neverland is an EP released in 1996 by the musician Tim Skold.
Holiday is a Booker Prize-winning novel by English writer Stanley Middleton.
Follow Me! is a 1972 American comedy-drama film directed by Sir Carol Reed, starring Mia Farrow and Topol.
United Indoor Football League (2012) The Cincinnati Commandos were a professional indoor football team based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Germaine Poinso-Chapuis (6 March 1901, Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône – 20 February 1981 ) was a French politician.
Charterfeber is a Norwegian docu-soap that debuted in March 2006.
Antonio D'Achiardi (28 November 1839, Pisa – 10 December 1902, Pisa) was an Italian geologist and mineralogist known for his mineralogical studies of Tuscany.
Babinci () is a village in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.
Transparence is the first studio album by French Gothic metal band Markize.
Cesar's Last Fast is a 2014 American documentary film co-directed and produced by Richard Ray Perez and Lorena Parlee.
The 411th Support Brigade is a support brigade of the United States Army.
John Jackson was the first manager and a founder of Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. Jackson was born in 1861, living in the Midlands, where he had a playing career with several local clubs.
Not Worth a Fig () is a 2009 Turkish drama film written and directed by Selda Çiçek based on a true story about a woman unhappily married to her late sister's husband.
A Face in the Fog is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
The Cable Piano Company or simply Cable Company was an American piano manufacturing company founded by Herman D. Cable in 1880.
Haute-Gaspésie—La Mitis—Matane—Matapédia (formerly known as Matapédia—Matane) was a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1979.
Helen Lindes Griffiths (born 17 August 1981) is a Spanish actress and model who was awarded Miss Spain 2000 and placed 2nd Runner-up to Lara Dutta of India in the Miss Universe 2000 contest.
Sidi Hcine is a commune in Khénifra Province, Béni Mellal-Khénifra, Morocco.
Darreh Goli (, also Romanized as Darreh Golī) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 200, in 45 families.
KFEL (970 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Catholic radio format. Licensed to Pueblo, Colorado, United States, it serves the Colorado Springs and Pueblo areas.
Azrul Amri Burhan (born 1 November 1975) is a former Malaysian footballer. He played with Kuala Lumpur FA and Perak FA during his heyday, where he won two Malaysia Cup with Perak and two Malaysia FA Cup with Kuala Lumpur.
KVSR (90.7 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Kirksville, Missouri, United States.
Phway Phway (, ; born Shwe Yee Ko Oo on 9 August 1988) is a three-time Myanmar Academy Award winning Burmese actress and model.
Janie Jones is a 2010 American drama film by writer/director David M. Rosenthal.
Video Girl Ai, known in Japan as simply Video Girl (電影少女, Den'ei Shōjo), is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura.
"KUBT, also known by its moniker ""93.9 The Beat"", is a Rhythmic Contemporary radio station based in Honolulu, Hawaii."
Life and Lyrics is a 2006 British film directed by Richard Laxton and starring Ashley Walters, a former member of the garage band So Solid Crew.
The PennEast Pipeline is a proposed project by PennEast Pipeline Company, LLC, a consortium of five energy companies, to move natural gas from the Marcellus Shale region in Pennsylvania to New Jersey.
"Tumblr (stylized as tumblr and pronounced ""tumbler"") is an American microblogging and social networking website founded by David Karp in 2007 and currently owned by Automattic."
Jai Hind is a leading newspaper circulated in Rajkot, Ahmedabad, Jamnagar, Junagadh, Porbandar, Bhavnagar, Amreli, Surendranagar and Kutch regions of Gujarat, India.
Mia Aegerter is a Swiss musician, model, and stage and film actor. Mia Aegerter was born on October 9, 1976 into an artist family in Fribourg, Switzerland.
Butterfly is the sixth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey, released on September 16, 1997, by Columbia Records.
Refen () is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
Emseloh is a village and a former municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Allstedt.
Nomzamo is the third studio album by the British neo-progressive rock band IQ, released in May 1987 by Squawk Records and distributed by Mercury Records internationally, by Vertigo Records in the United Kingdom and by Metronome in West Germany.
John Taylor (born December 25, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Laguneros de La Comarca of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional (LNBP).
John Rawls (born 4 May 1972) is an actor from New Zealand. He was born in England on 4 May 1972, and raised in Hamilton, New Zealand, after moving there at age six.
Michorzewko [mixɔˈʐɛfkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Koji Kimura (木村 興治, Kimura Kōji, born December 1940) is a retired Japanese table tennis player and coach who won four world titles between 1961 and 1967.
Dacoury Dahi Natche (born March 10, 1983), professionally known as DJ Dahi, is an American DJ, songwriter, record producer and singer from Inglewood, California.
Vicky Shell (born June 14, 1967) is a Dominican singer, educator, songwriter, who is best known for being the first Dominican who has set the precedent for being the first female salsa singer in the Dominican Republic with a full production of Salsa Latin Jazz.
A Simple Case (, Prostoy sloochay) is a 1932 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller.
Pez-e Vosta (, also Romanized as Pez-e Vosṭā) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Athens Ben Epps Airport (IATA: AHN, ICAO: KAHN, FAA LID: AHN) is a county-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Athens, a city in Clarke County, Georgia, United States.
Harold Stephens (December 3, 1926) is an American author known for his explorations of World War II, China and his world travels and adventures.
Pliskowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Mudza is a village in Bramhapuri tehsil of Chandrapur district of Maharashtra. The village had a population of 3659 as on census of 2011.
La Mesa District is a district (distrito) of Veraguas Province in Panama.
225px The Troy Trojans men's basketball program is the intercollegiate men's basketball of Troy University.
Billboard Top Rock'n'Roll Hits: 1962 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1990, featuring 10 hit recordings from 1962.
Ultraviolet is the sixth full-length studio album by American sludge metal group, Kylesa.
Ana Kaštelan (born 1980) is a retired Croatian female volleyball player.
Charles Holland Mason (August 9, 1822 – June 11, 1894) was a 19th-century American politician and lawyer.
The Games is a 2012 science fiction novel by Ted Kosmatka, exploring the effects of advances in artificial intelligence and genetics on sport.
The Portrait of a Young Man with a Lamp is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance painter Lorenzo Lotto, dating to c. 1506.
Lily of the Dust is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki, starring Pola Negri, produced by Famous Players-Lasky, and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
In the New Old-Fashioned Way was the highly anticipated second album from Spongebath Records' artists Fluid Ounces.
Into the Blue is the third studio album by Australian singer songwriter and ARIA Award winner, Monique Brumby.
Bharati Hemant Lavekar is an Indian politician and member of the Shiv Sangram.
Jon Michael Hill is an American actor. Hill was born in Waukegan, Illinois.
Museum of Love is an American band formed by LCD Soundsystem drummer Pat Mahoney together with Dennis McNany.
Ignazio Giunti (30 August 1941 – 10 January 1971) was an Italian racing driver.
This Earth Is Mine is a 1959 American drama film directed by Henry King and starring Rock Hudson and Jean Simmons.
Too Human is an action role-playing game developed by Canadian developer Silicon Knights and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 in August 2008.
Runów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Johnnie Mae Matthews (December 31, 1922 – January 6, 2002) was an American blues and R & B singer, songwriter, and record producer from Bessemer, Alabama.
Campos–Bartolomeu Lysandro Airport (IATA: CAW, ICAO: SBCP) is the airport serving Campos dos Goytacazes, Brazil.
Your Name Here is a 2015 feature-length docufiction from Canada written and directed by B.
Pambos Pittas (born July 26, 1966) is a former international Cypriot football defender and former captain of Cyprus national football team and Apollon Limassol.
Ostehøvel, a modern cheese slicer or cheese plane, was invented by Thor Bjørklund in 1925 in Norway.
WPGY (1580 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. It licensed to Ellijay, Georgia, United States, and is owned by Randy Gravley and Byron Dobbs, through licensee Tri-State Communications, Inc.
Sir Cornelius Hendricksen Kortright, KCMG (December 26, 1817 – December 23, 1897) was a British civil servant who held positions including Governor of British Guiana.
Noriyuki Higashiyama (東山 紀之, Higashiyama Noriyuki, born September 30, 1966 in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan) is a singer, actor, and member of the Japanese pop idol group Shonentai.
Wuppenau is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Millais School is a girls' secondary school for students aged 11–16 situated in Horsham, West Sussex, England.
The Covenant Party was a political party in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands advocating governmental and financial reform.
Loveh () is a village in Qaravolan Rural District, Loveh District, Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 593, in 150 families.
Take Care is the second studio album by Canadian rapper Drake.
A Different Kind of Truth is the twelfth and most recent studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen.
"Hinugot sa Langit (lit. "" Plucked from Heaven "" ) is a 1985 Gawad Urian Award winning Filipino melodramatic film directed by Ishmael Bernal based on moral values."
Drafi Franz Richard Deutscher (known professionally as Drafi Deutscher; 9 May 1946 – 9 June 2006) was a German singer and songwriter of Sinti origin.
Billimari is a town and locality in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.
David Lapham is an American comic book writer, artist, and cartoonist, best known for his work on the independent comic book Stray Bullets.
R. J. Cutler (born 1962) is an American filmmaker, documentarian, television producer and theater director.
Zaskia Sungkar is an Indonesian actress, singer and fashion designer.
Barrington Public Schools is a public primary and secondary education school district located in Barrington, a suburban town located in Bristol County, Rhode Island.
Jelačići (Serbian: Јелачићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Amar Ghoul (; born 21 February 1961) is an Algerian politician and the current Minister of tourism in the Algerian government.
Claire Phillips (born 1963 clairephillips.com About Claire in Hammersmith, England) is a British portrait artist, whose paintings generally have a social or political narrative.
Dave Sorenson (July 8, 1948 – July 9, 2002) was a forward who played in the National Basketball Association. He was a standout center at Findlay High School in Findlay, Ohio, graduating in 1966.
The 2016 African Weightlifting Championships was held in Yaoundé, Cameroon between May 7 and May 13, 2016.
Darth Maul, later simply Maul, is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise. A powerful Zabrak Sith Lord and Darth Sidious' first apprentice, he first appeared in Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace (1999), portrayed by Ray Park and voiced by Peter Serafinowicz.
Soba is a 2004 independent drama/crime film and the directional debut from Mexican filmmaker Alan Coton, who also wrote the script.
King Rollo Films Ltd, known as King Rollo Films, is an animation production company established in 1978 by David McKee.
Allu Sirish is an Indian film actor who works predominantly in the Telugu film industry along with a few Tamil and Malayalam films.
Orzelec Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
"El oficio más antiguo del mundo (""The World's Oldest Profession"") is a 1970 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza."
Renee Chatterton (born 21 August 1989, Belair) is an Australian rower. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in rowing.
The Ministry of Indigenous Affairs (formally called Ministry of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation) is the Government of Ontario ministry responsible for issues relating to First Nations, Métis and Inuit in Ontario.
Sounds from True Stories, subtitled Music for Activities Freaks, is the soundtrack to David Byrne's 1986 film True Stories.
Hurricane Naomi was a short-lived Category 1 hurricane that made landfall in Mexico's Pacific coast during the 1968 Pacific hurricane season.
Lynn Di Nino (born January 5, 1945) is an American artist residing in Tacoma, Washington.
Lajo is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Mihailo Dobrašinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mиxaилo Дoбpaшинoвић ; born 19 June 1986 in Zemun) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Sinđelić Beograd.
Kopek are an Irish rock band from Dublin, Ireland composed of Daniel Jordan (guitar, vocals), Brad Kinsella (bass, vocals) and Eoin Ryan (drums).
Vanda Baranović-Urukalo (born 3 October 1971 in Šibenik, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Yugoslavian and Croatian female basketball player.
Istorichesky Vestnik (, History Herald) was a Russian monthly historical and literary magazine published in Saint Petersburg in 1880-1917.
Wężyki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Saint-Priest-Palus is a commune in the Creuse department in central France.
The charitable foundation Zeit-Stiftung Ebelin und Gerd Bucerius (house style: ZEIT-Stiftung) is registered in Hamburg.
Waltz for Monica (Swedish: Monica Z) is a Swedish biographical drama film directed by Per Fly.
The Root of All Evil is a 1947 British drama film, directed by Brock Williams for Gainsborough Pictures and starring Phyllis Calvert and Michael Rennie.
Moidele Bickel (6 March 1937 in Munich – 16 May 2016 in Berlin) was a German costume designer.
Survivor is the fourth studio album recorded by the French rock band Stuck in the Sound, released on 11 March 2016.
Vaniko Tarkhnishvili (Georgian: ვანიკო თარხნიშვილი, also known as Vano Tarkhnishvili; born October 9, 1981 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian actor, director and TV presenter.
Unkle (often stylised as U.N.K.L.E. or UNKLE, occasionally known as UNKLE Sounds) are a British musical outfit founded in 1992 by James Lavelle.
Dan Conner is a fictional character in the television series, Roseanne and its spin-off The Conners. He is the husband to Roseanne Conner, and father to two daughters Darlene and Becky Conner, and two sons D.J.
Alyssa Thomas (born April 12, 1992) is an American professional women's basketball forward for the Connecticut Sun of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
""" Tennessee "" is a song recorded by American country music duo The Wreckers."
Stanisław Jan Milski (1897–1972) was a Polish actor. A Generation (1954) – Krone Podhale w ogniu (1955) – Radocki Nikodem Dyzma (1956) – Owsik Stanisław Milski on IMDb.
Badshahi Angti (Bengali: বাদশাহী আংটি, The Emperor's Ring) is a 2014 Bengali thriller film directed by Sandip Ray, based on the novel of the same name by Satyajit Ray, starring Abir Chatterjee and Sourav Das as Feluda and Topse respectively.
The Kiul River () is a tributary of Ganges. It originates in Giridih of Jharkhand and flows through Lakhisarai, Sheikhpura and Jamui districts of the Indian state of Bihar and joins Harohar river in the Diara region.
"""Come Sunday"" is a piece by Duke Ellington which became a jazz standard."
Good Blood Headbanguers is the second studio album by the Brazilian satirical heavy metal band Massacration.
The Bells is a 1911 Australian feature-length silent film directed by W.
Saint-Julien-de-Crempse is a former commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Skyline High School is a high school in Mesa, Arizona under the jurisdiction of Mesa Public Schools.
O, My Darling Clementine is a 1943 American musical film directed by Frank McDonald and written by Dorrell McGowan and Stuart E. McGowan.
Lorcha (Spanish: [ˈloɾtʃa]) or L'Orxa (Valencian: [ˈloɾtʃa]) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Interference Archive is a volunteer-run library, gallery, and archive of historical materials related to social and political activism and movements.
Rovinjsko Selo is a village in Croatia.
Earl Gaines, Jr. (August 19, 1935 – December 31, 2009) was an American soul blues and electric blues singer.
Paulette Cooper (born July 26, 1942) is an American author and journalist whose writing against the Church of Scientology resulted in harassment from Scientologists.
This Armor is the second studio album recorded by Japanese singer-songwriter Chihiro Onitsuka, released in March 2002.
James Lemke (born 25 January 1988) is a former Australian professional tennis player.
Sevagan is a 1992 Tamil language crime film directed and produced by Arjun Sarja, making his directorial debut.
Chittagong Model School and College () is a government owned educational institution (first grade to twelfth grade) situated in the port city Chittagong, Bangladesh established by the Ministry of Education of the country.
Christophe Capelle (born 15 August 1967) is a French former racing cyclist. Capelle won a gold medal for France in the 4000-meter team pursuit at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, riding alongside Philippe Ermenault, Jean-Michel Monin, and Francis Moreau.
Summer Term at St. Clare's is third novel in the St. Clare's series of girls' school stories by British author Enid Blyton.
Cardinal Patrick D'Rozario (; born 1 October 1943, in Padrishibpur, Barisal, British India (now part of Bangladesh)) is the Catholic Archbishop of the Dhaka, the highest-ranked official of the Roman Catholic Church in Bangladesh.
Todor Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Тодор Стоянов) (6 July 1930 – 30 April 1999) was a Bulgarian film director and cinematographer.
"Kim Kyoung-hee (Korean: 김경희, born January 20, 1972), better known by her stage name So Chan-whee (Korean: 소찬휘), is a South Korean singer, best known for her 2000 song, ""Tears""."
His Captive Woman is a 1929 part-talking drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Milton Sills and Dorothy Mackaill.
{{Infobox writer | name = Dr Harry Barry | nationality = Ireland | occupation = Doctor, writer | notableworks = Flagging the Problem, Flagging the Therapy Harry Barry is an Irish author and medical doctor based in County Louth.
Eikichi Minato (湊栄吉, Minato Eikichi) was a Japanese politician.
Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses is a 1994 film directed by Aki Kaurismäki.
Ali Shukriu (Serbian: Али Шукрија, Ali Šukrija) was a political figure of Kosovo, during its period as an autonomous province of Yugoslavia.
Arthur Dake (Darkowski) (8 April 1910 – 28 April 2000) was an American chess master. He was born in Portland, Oregon and died in Reno, Nevada.
Harvey A.K. Whitney was an American pharmacist.
"Charisse Mills (born January 12, 1988) is a Trinidadian pop opera singer and songwriter. She is best known for her collaborations with artists Ne-Yo and French Montana, and for her vocal combinations of pop and opera, termed "" pop'era "" ."
Furor Gallico is the first full-studio album by the Italian heavy/folk metal band Furor Gallico.
Aalborg (/ˈɔːlbɔːrɡ/, also US: /ˈɑːl-, ˈɔːlbɔːr/, Danish: [ˈʌlˌpɒˀ] (listen)), also spelt Ålborg,[note 1] is Denmark's fourth largest city with an urban population of 140,897.
Dinner with Raphael is a 2009 American short comedy film written and directed by Joey Boukadakis, starring Dianna Agron, Paul Boukadakis, Michael Bower, Brett Paesel and Richard Riehle.
CFMX-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts classical music at 103.1 FM in Cobourg, Ontario and serving the Peterborough area.
WEVV-TV, virtual channel 44 (UHF digital channel 28), is a CBS/Fox/MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station licensed to Evansville, Indiana, United States, serving the Tri-State area of southwestern Indiana, northwestern Kentucky and southeastern Illinois.
Lugë-Shalqizë is a village in the former municipality of Bërzhitë in Tirana County, Albania.
Summer 1967: The Complete U.S. Concert Recordings is a four CD live set by the Monkees, recorded during the band's Summer 1967 tour.
Alaya Deepam () is a 1984 Tamil Indian feature film directed by C.
Alexander Belev (Bulgarian: Александър Белев) (1898, Lom, Bulgaria – 9 September 1944, Bulgaria) was the Bulgarian commissar of Jewish Affairs during World War II, famous with his antisemitic and strongly nationalistic views.
Sukumara Kurup is one of the most wanted-criminals in the Indian state of Kerala.
Brian Froud (born December 1, 1973) is a Canadian actor, voice actor and voice director.
Jai Bhagwan Goyal (born 6 October 1959) is an Indian politician affiliated with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Vinícius Ferreira Orlando or simply Vinícius (born September 15, 1983) is a Brazilian central defender.
Radio Cavell is the hospital radio station for The Royal Oldham Hospital (TROH) in Oldham, England, a member of Pennine Acute Trust.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack album of the 2015 American science-fiction action film The Divergent Series: Insurgent, based on the second book of the Divergent trilogy.
Szczeka [ˈʂt͡ʂɛka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytwiany, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Henry John Hayward (11 December 1865 & ndash;21 August 1945) was a New Zealand theatrical company manager and cinema proprietor.
William Hallett Ray (May 25, 1825 – May 7, 1909) was a Canadian politician, farmer, and merchant.
Oasis of Shalimar is a novel by F.
Pelita Harapan University (Indonesian: Universitas Pelita Harapan, UPH) is a private Christian university in Lippo Village (see: Lippo Karawaci), Tangerang, Indonesia, under Pelita Harapan Education Foundation (Indonesian: Yayasan Pendidikan Pelita Harapan).
Ivana Selakov (, ; born 8 November 1978) is a Serbian singer. She was and a member of the girlband Beauty Queens, which was formed by gathering backing vocalists of Marija Šerifović after victory in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
Gustaf Albrecht Bror Cederström (21 September 1780 – 21 December 1877) was a Swedish baron and lieutenant general and Minister of War.
The Vengeance of Rome (2006) is a novel by Michael Moorcock.
Clark Terry Plays the Jazz Version of All American is an album by trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances of music from the Broadway musical, All American recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Moodsville label.
Ohsweken Demons were a Canadian professional indoor lacrosse team that played in the Canadian Lacrosse League. The Demons played out of the Iroquois Lacrosse Arena in Hagersville, Ontario.
Yumi Yoshiyuki (吉行由実 or 吉行由美, Yoshiyuki Yumi) is a Japanese film director, actress, and screenwriter best known for her work in the pink film genre.
"""Il Pulcino Pio"" is an Italian song released as a single on 18 July 2012 on Globo Records by the Rome radio station Radio Globo."
I Wouldn't Be in Your Shoes is a 1948 American film noir directed by William Nigh, starring Don Castle and Elyse Knox.
Disembody: The New Flesh is the second full-length studio album by American groove metal band Skinlab.
Saint-Georges-des-Gardes is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Joseph Hardtmuth (13 February 1758, Asparn an der Zaya – 23 May 1816, Vienna) was a successful Austrian architect, inventor and entrepreneur.
Lynn Barber is an American makeup artist.
Karen Tweed (born 1963, Willesden) is a piano accordionist from London, England.
Burlingame High School is a public high school in Burlingame, California.
Josh Janniere (born November 4, 1992) is a Canadian soccer player who most recently played for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer.
New Horizons is the third full-length studio album by American rock band Flyleaf, released on A & M/Octone Records on October 30, 2012.
"El Siglo ( "" The Century "" ) is a Spanish language daily newspaper published in Panama."
Miyoko Akaza (赤座 美代子, Akaza Miyoko, born February 10, 1944 in Aichi) is a Japanese actress.
"WWFY (100.9 FM, ""Froggy 100.9"") is a radio station licensed to serve Berlin, Vermont."
Panic (German: Panik) is a 1928 German silent crime film directed by Harry Piel and starring Piel, Dary Holm and Eugen Burg.
Tabanovići is a village in the municipality of Požega, western Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 137 people.
Max Havelaar () is a 1976 Dutch drama film directed by Fons Rademakers, based on the 1860 novel Max Havelaar by Multatuli.
Kuzma Sergeevich Petrov-Vodkin, Russian: Кузьма Сергеевич Петров-Водкин (November 5, 1878 – February 15, 1939) was an important Russian and Soviet painter and writer. Kuzma Petrov-Vodkin was born in Khvalynsk (Saratov Oblast) into the family of a local shoemaker.
Nick Lindahl (born 31 July 1988 in Malmö, Sweden) is a former Australian tennis player.
Lee Todd (born 7 March 1972) is an English retired professional footballer. Todd started his career in 1988 as a junior with Hartlepool United with whom he stayed until 1990.
The Black Hen (Nepali: Kalo Pothi) is a 2015 Nepali drama film directed by Min Bahadur Bham and produced by Anna Katchko, Tsering Rhitar Sherpa, Min Bahadur Bham, Debaki Rai, Catherine Dussart and Anup Thapa.
The Suicide Shop (French: Le Magasin des suicides) is a 2006 black comedy novel by the French writer Jean Teulé.
Vangathangudi, also known as Vengathangudi, is a typical village which is close to Mannargudi, in Thiruvarur District, Tamil Nadu, India.
Rene Caovilla, born in 1938 along the Riviera del Brenta in Fiesso D’Artico (VE), Italy, is an Italian fashion designer.
Miss Ambar Regrets is a 2004 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary, the first new work he published since 1987 which was not a Scobie Malone novel.
Abdullah Ejaz is a Pakistani male model and television actor.
Čarovina is a village in the municipality of Tutin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 238 people.
Thomas Flamank (died 27 June 1497) was a lawyer and former MP from Cornwall, who together with Michael An Gof led the Cornish Rebellion of 1497, a protest against taxes imposed by Henry VII of England.
Jeff Simmons (born August 5, 1976, in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American race car driver, most recently driving open wheel cars in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series.
Manuel Balbi (born March 13, 1978, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico), is a Mexican actor, known for Seres: Genesis (2010), Casi treinta (2014) and Agua y aceite (2002).
Hjorted is a locality situated in Västervik Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 324 inhabitants in 2010.
Peer Guldbrandsen (22 October 1912 & ndash; 13 March 1996) was a Danish screenwriter, actor, film director and producer.
Razak Pimpong (born 30 December 1982) is a retired Ghanaian footballer who played as a striker and attacking midfielder for FC Midtjylland, FC Copenhagen, Viborg FF and other clubs.
Dominic Mohan (born 26 May 1969, Bristol, England) is a British journalist, broadcaster and former editor of The Sun newspaper in London.
Tisovica is a village in the municipality of Nova Varoš, western Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 117 people.
Finder Love has two distinct game modes: an adventure game and a photography game.
Halsema Highway (also known as the Benguet–Mountain Province Road, Baguio–Bontoc Road or Mountain Trail) is a national secondary highway in the Philippines.
The Montana Environmental Information Center is an environmental organization in the United States.
Sumire Morohoshi (諸星 すみれ, Morohoshi Sumire, born April 23, 1999) is a Japanese actress, voice actress and singer from Kanagawa Prefecture.
The Dawn Maker is a lost The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog: The Dawn Maker 1916 silent film western directed by and starring William S. Hart and produced by Thomas H. Ince.
Margy Pargy is a studio album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell.
Clifton Sandvliet (born August 18, 1977) is a retired Surinamese professional footballer. He played for SV Transvaal, Walking Boys Company and the National Army.
M. Afzal Hossain (born 30 November 1952) is a Bangladeshi academic and scientist in the field of agriculture and biochemistry.
Standard is the fifth studio album by Japanese pop rock band, Scandal.
Trix is a brand of breakfast cereal made by General Mills in Minneapolis, Minnesota, for the North American market and by Cereal Partners (using the Nestlé brand) elsewhere in the world.
Grounds for Divorce is a 1925 American comedy silent film directed by Paul Bern and written by Guy Bolton, Violet Clark and Ernest Vajda.
Loni Ackerman (born April 10, 1949) is an American Broadway musical theatre performer and cabaret singer. Born in New York City, she made her Broadway debut in George M!.
Greg Lansing (born (1967-12-09)December 9, 1967) is an American college basketball coach and the current men's basketball coach at Indiana State University.
The Rough Guide to Irish Music is a world music compilation album originally released in 1996.
Tazawa Inabune. She was born in Tsuruoka, Yamagata.
Nedeljanec is a village in Croatia.
Brief Encounter is a 1974 British-Italian television film starring Richard Burton and Sophia Loren, adapted from the play Still Life by Noël Coward.
Nan Grey (born Eschal Loleet Grey Miller, July 25, 1918 – July 25, 1993) was an American film actress. Grey was born in Houston, Texas.
Aziza Brahim (Arabic: عزيزة ابراهيم‎, born June 9, 1976) is a Sahrawi singer and actress. She was born in 1976 in the Sahrawi refugee camps, in the Tindouf region of Algeria where her mother had settled in late 1975, fleeing from the Moroccan occupation of Western Sahara.
Sucker Free City is a 2004 television film directed by Spike Lee.
TUI fly Netherlands, legally incorporated as TUI Airlines Netherlands (formerly branded as Arkefly and Arke), is a Dutch charter airline headquartered in Schiphol-Rijk on the grounds of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in Haarlemmermeer, Netherlands.
Leek High School is a mixed upper school (termed 'high school') located in Leek, Staffordshire, England.
Falatycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Amy George is a 2011 Canadian microbudget film written, produced and directed by Yonah Lewis and Calvin Thomas.
Raghwan District is a district of the Ma'rib Governorate, Yemen.
Black Beauty is a 1946 American drama film directed by Max Nosseck and starring Mona Freeman, Richard Denning, and Evelyn Ankers.
Sara Corrales (born December 27, 1984, in Medellín, Antioquia, Colombia) is a Colombian television actress and singer.
Hezardin (, also Romanized as Hezārdīn) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Wilczy Las () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Watraszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Coordinates: 38°09′00″S 144°21′45″E﻿ / ﻿38.149998°S 144.362395°E﻿ / -38.149998; 144.362395 94.7 The Pulse (callsign: 3PLS), is a community radio station which broadcasts to the Geelong, Victoria region in Australia.
Las verdes praderas (English: The Green Meadows) is a 1979 Spanish film written and directed by José Luis Garci, starring Alfredo Landa.
Raul Guilherme Martins, better known as Raul (born 13 March 1990 in Curitiba), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back.
Bad Windsheim is a small historic town in Bavaria, Germany with a population of almost 12,000.
Bharathi Vidya Bhavan is a co-educational residential senior secondary school in Erode in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Ghaytun () is a village in northern Aleppo Governorate, northwestern Syria.
Cale Sampson (born January 11[when?] in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian hip hop artist.
Mature spotted eagle rays can be up to 5 meters (16 ft) in length; the largest have a wingspan of up to 3 meters (10 ft) and a mass of 230 kilograms (507 lb).
Antonio Maria Magro (born June 13, 1959) is an Italian film director, actor and screenwriter.
Harsh Rajput (born 5 January 1988) is an Indian television actor from Navsari, Gujarat who has starred in many television shows and films.
Alicia McCormack (born 7 June 1983 in Helensburgh, New South Wales) is an Australian water polo goalkeeper.
Joe Souza (born October 5, 1970 in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania), is an actor and singer.
Seynod is a former commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Tale of the Mummy (also known as Russell Mulcahy's Tale of the Mummy and Talos – the Mummy) is a 1998 British-American horror film directed by Russell Mulcahy and starring Jason Scott Lee, Jack Davenport, Louise Lombard and Christopher Lee.
No Regrets is a book co-written by former Kiss lead guitarist Ace Frehley, Joe Layden and John Ostrosky.
Rottneros () is a locality situated in Sunne Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 448 inhabitants in 2010.
Meylan () is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. In 2013, the newly reelected Mayor of Meylan Marie-Christine Tardy was brought to justice for unlawfully taking interest in an affair concerning her husband's remuneration.
Edward Katumba Wamala, more commonly known as Katumba Wamala, is a Ugandan general who serves as Minister of Works and Transport in the Ugandan cabinet, since 14 December 2019.
Peter van Liesebetten or Pieter van Lisebetten (1630 – 1678) was an engraver from the Southern Netherlands.
"Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo's Dungeon (Japanese: チョコボの不思議なダンジョン 時忘れの迷宮, Hepburn: Chokobo no Fushigi na Danjon Toki Wasure no Meikyū, ""Chocobo's Mystery Dungeon: the Labyrinth of Forgotten Time"") is a role-playing video game published by Square Enix for the Wii."
Rixa of Werle (died 26 November 1317) was the only daughter of Lord Henry I of Werle and his wife Rikissa Birgersdotter.
La Vie de Bohème is a studio album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell.
The National Popular Party (, PNP) was an antifascist political party in Romania, founded during World War II as the underground Union of Patriots (Uniunea Patrioților, UP).
The Schooldays of Jesus is a 2016 novel by J.
Johannes Guter (born Jānis Guters; 25 April 1882 – 18 March 1962) was a Latvian filmmaker, screenwriter, and occasional film producer.
Frederick Law Olmsted (April 26, 1822 – August 28, 1903) was an American landscape architect, journalist, social critic, and public administrator.
This Is Me... Then is the third studio album by American singer Jennifer Lopez.
Lie to Me is the second studio album by American blues guitarist Jonny Lang, released on January 28, 1997.
Daltrozów [dalˈtrɔzuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Battles of Coronel and Falkland Islands is a 1927 British docudrama film directed by Walter Summers.
Buckskin Frontier is a 1943 American action film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Norman Houston and Bernard Schubert.
Vettai (transl. The Hunt) is a 2012 Indian Tamil-language action film co produced, written and directed by N. Linguswamy.
Frank Waln or Oyate Teca Obmani (Walks With Young People) is a Sicangu Lakota rapper.
Stephan Rosti (Arabic: إستفان روستي‎ Egyptian Arabic: [(ʔ)esteˈfæːn ˈɾosti]) (16 November 1891 – 22 May 1964) was an Egyptian actor and film director who lived and worked in Egypt.
The Consumers Council of Canada is a non-profit, volunteer-based consumer organization, promoting consumer rights and responsibilities in Canada. Founded in 1994, the organization is based in Toronto.
Japanese Gardens The Hayward Japanese Gardens, located near downtown Hayward, are the oldest Japanese gardens in California designed along traditional lines.
Marie Cardinal (born Simone Odette Marie-Thérèse Cardinal; 9 March 1929 – 9 May 2001) was a French novelist.
Carlo Asinari (3 November 1884 & ndash; 17 May 1962) was an Italian show jumping rider, that won a bronze medal at the Olympic Games.
Nová Ves nad Nisou (German: Neudorf an der Neiße) is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
The Sharks (Norwegian: Haiene) is a novel written by Norwegian author Jens Bjørneboe between 1973 and 1974 and originally published by Gyldendal Norsk Forlag in 1974.
No Boyfriend Since Birth (NBSB) is a 2015 Filipino romantic-comedy film directed by Jose Javier Reyes starring Carla Abellana and Tom Rodriguez.
Les Investissements Nolinor Inc., trading as Nolinor Aviation, is a charter airline based in Mirabel, a suburb of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Go is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music group Doc Walker.
I'm American is the twelfth studio album released by American country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus.
Mokré is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Swamy Ra Ra is a 2013 Telugu crime comedy film directed by debutant Sudheer Varma and produced by Chakri Chirugupati under Lakshmi Narasimha Entertainments.
The Kingston Trio: The Guard Years is a compilation of The Kingston Trio's recordings when Dave Guard was a member of the Trio along with Bob Shane and Nick Reynolds.
Robert Downie (19 March 1867 in Glasgow – 27 July 1893) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Thornliebank, Third Lanark and Scotland.
Join the Triumph marks the first album from Citizens & Saints. It is their second studio album after 2013's Citizens release with label mates BEC Recordings.
Vésines is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Rotson Kilambe (born August 6, 1978 in Kitwe) is a retired Zambian footballer.
Andreessen Horowitz (also called a16z, legal name AH Capital Management, LLC) is a private American venture capital firm, founded in 2009 by Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz.
WYRQ-FM (92.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a New Country format. Licensed to Little Falls, Minnesota, United States, the station serves the Morrison County, Minnesota, area.
Paul Nguyen, (born February 23, 1980) is a Canadian filmmaker and social activist.
Nasrollah Entezam (Persian: نصرالله انتظام‎; 16 February 1900 – 19 December 1980) was an Iranian diplomat.
Aanchal Kumar (born 24 October 1979) is an Indian model and actress.
Jocenir Alves (born February 14, 1989 in Caçapava do Sul), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Canadian Soccer Club in the Uruguayan Segunda División Amateur.
The Emavulandlela Swaziland Scout Association (formerly the Swaziland Boy Scouts Association) is the national Scouting organization of Eswatini (Swaziland).
Johann Heinrich Hottinger (10 March 1620 – 5 June 1667) was a Swiss philologist and theologian.
Rõuge Parish (; ) is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Võru County.
Klonowy Dwór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. The village has a population of 180.
Stage races One-day races and Classics World Hour record Rohan Dennis (born 28 May 1990) is an Australian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Team Ineos.
The Deathless Devil () is a 1972 Turkish action film, co-written, produced and directed by Yılmaz Atadeniz, starring Kunt Tulgar as a young man who takes up his father's mantle as masked crimefighter Copperhead to defeat the evil Dr. Satan.
Saga of the Noble Dead (also known as The Noble Dead Series) written by Barb Hendee and J.
WUIS (91.9 FM), branded on-air as NPR Illinois, is the National Public Radio member station in Springfield, Illinois, United States.
George Wadsworth II (April 3, 1893 – March 5, 1958) was a United States diplomat, specializing in the Middle East. Wadsworth was born in Buffalo, New York and received a degree in chemical engineering from Union College in Schenectady, New York.
The Piaggio P.XII is an Italian 18-cylinder radial aircraft engine developed in the 1930s by Rinaldo Piaggio S.p.A..
The Legend of Zorro is a 2005 American swashbuckler film directed by Martin Campbell, produced by Walter F. Parkes, Laurie MacDonald and Lloyd Phillips, with music by James Horner, and written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman.
Garimella Satyanarayana (14 July 1893 – 18 December 1952) was a poet and freedom fighter of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Erin Blunt (born November 9, 1963 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor best known for his role as Ahmad Abdul-Rahim in The Bad News Bears, The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training, and The Bad News Bears Go to Japan.
Witness to the Execution is a 1994 American made-for-television drama film directed by Tommy Lee Wallace and starring Tim Daly and Sean Young.
Sörfors is a locality situated in Umeå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 403 inhabitants in 2010.
The University of Texas at Arlington (UTA or UT Arlington) is a public research university in Arlington, Texas, midway between Dallas and Fort Worth.
Kürdəmir (transliterated, Kurdamir) is a town in and the capital of the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Sisindri is a 1995 Telugu comedy film produced by Nagarjuna Akkineni on Great India Entertainments banner, directed by Shiva Nageswara Rao.
"Institut Saint-André is a French speaking Catholic free school (""ecole libre"" - a subsidized state school in Belgium ), situated in Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium."
Spook Town is a 1944 American Western film written and directed by Elmer Clifton.
Mohammad Hoseyn Lavank (Persian: محمدحسین لوانک‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Ḩoseyn Lavānḵ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Ribbit is a 2014 Malaysian 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by KRU Studios and Crest Animation Studios. It is directed by Chuck Powers from a screenplay by Powers and Hamir Afizi and features the voices of Sean Astin, Russell Peters, Tim Curry, and Cherami Leigh.
Frontier Uprising is a 1961 American western film directed by Edward L. Cahn and starring Jim Davis and Nestor Paiva.
The Morning in a Pine Forest (Russian: Утро в сосновом лесу) is a painting by Russian artists Ivan Shishkin and Konstantin Savitsky.
The American Society of Anesthesia Technologists & Technicians, or ASATT, based in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, is a non-profit, educational organization responsible for the standards of technologist/technician competency in all areas of anesthesia.
Maritza Olivares is a Mexican actress.
"In 2005, the unisex ""fragrance for humanity"" Gaultier² (pronounced ""Gaultier to the power of two"") was launched (except in Canada, where it was launched in January 2006, and the United States, where it was launched in August 2006)."
Footfall is a 1985 science fiction novel by American writers Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle.
Brežani is a village in the municipality of Blace, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 61 people.
The Consolidated Pastoral Company (CPC) is a large, privately owned, Australian Agrifood business which operates 20 cattle stations covering over 5.8m hectares, managing more than 370,000 cattle, in Western Australia, the Northern Territory and Queensland.
Nothing's Changed is the second solo studio album by Joe Lynn Turner.
National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC; previously known as National Institute of Communicable Diseases) is an institute under the Indian Directorate General of Health Services, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Second is the second official recording by the metal band Baroness. It was recorded in one session, with the exception of the vocals.
Mecca for Moderns is the sixth studio album by The Manhattan Transfer.
Moshiach Oi! is an American Hasidic hardcore punk band from Long Beach, New York.
"Nitzer Ebb (/ˈnaɪtsər ɛb, ˈnɪt-/) are a British EBM group formed in 1982 by Essex school friends Vaughan ""Bon"" Harris (programming, synthesizers, drums, vocals), Douglas McCarthy (vocals), and David Gooday (drums)."
The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter is a 1990 English-language German fantasy film and a sequel to The NeverEnding Story. It was directed by George T. Miller and stars Jonathan Brandis as Bastian Bux, Kenny Morrison as Atreyu, and Alexandra Johnes as the Childlike Empress.
The San Diego Aviators are a World TeamTennis (WTT) team that plays at the Omni La Costa Resort and Spa in Carlsbad, California in the United States of America.
Tute () is a trick-taking card game of the Ace-Ten family for two to four players.
Chimaira is the third studio album by Chimaira, released on August 9, 2005.
"Royal Prussian Jagdstaffel 51, commonly abbreviated to Jasta 51, was a "" hunting group "" (i.e., fighter squadron) of the Luftstreitkräfte, the air arm of the Imperial German Army during World War I."
Snare Books is a Canadian independent book publisher. Founded in spring of 2006, and located in Montreal, Quebec, Snare Books is a publisher of contemporary poetry and prose fiction.
""" Surrender "" is the debut single by Australian boy band The Collective, released on 23 November 2012."
Robert Burnell (sometimes spelled Robert Burnel; c. 1239 – 25 October 1292) was an English bishop who served as Lord Chancellor of England from 1274 to 1292.
My Wife's Best Friend is a 1952 comedy film directed by Richard Sale, starring Anne Baxter and Macdonald Carey, with Catherine McLeod in the titular role.
James M. Scribner (1920 1941) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received a posthumous Air Medal.
Cláudio Abramo (April 6, 1923 in São Paulo – August 14, 1987 in São Paulo) was a Brazilian journalist and author.
Microsoft Forefront Unified Access Gateway (UAG) is a software suite that provides secure remote access to corporate networks for remote employees and business partners. Its services include reverse proxy, virtual private network (VPN), DirectAccess and Remote Desktop Services.
Chaparral High School is a public high school located in Scottsdale, Arizona, in the United States.
Podzagnańszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Eliseo Salazar Valenzuela (born 14 November 1954) is a Chilean former racing driver.
Henry Stephen Kemble (15 September 1789 – 22 June 1836) was a British actor and son of Stephen Kemble. Kemble was born in Villiers Street, Strand, London.
Kankakee High School (KHS) is a public secondary school in Kankakee, Illinois and is part of the Kankakee School District 111.
Sins Without Intentions (Italian: Peccato senza malizia) is a 1975 Italian erotic-drama film written and directed by Theo Campanelli and starring Jenny Tamburi, Gabriele Tinti and Luigi Pistilli.
Robert J. Miller Air Park (IATA: MJX, ICAO: KMJX, FAA LID: MJX, formerly N44), also known as the Ocean County Airport, is a county-owned public-use airport in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.
Valley of the Sun is a 1942 film directed by George Marshall and starring Lucille Ball and James Craig.
Ray Petri (1948–1989) was a fashion stylist and creator of the fashion house, Buffalo. Born Ray Petrie in Dundee, Scotland, Petri moved to Brisbane, Australia with his family at age 15.
The Painted Side of the Rocket is the third album by the English indie pop band Fosca.
Hangmen is a play by the British-Irish playwright Martin McDonagh.
Florian Sittsam (born 14 December 1994) is an Austrian footballer. He plays for SV Horn.
Play All Night: Live at the Beacon Theatre 1992 is a two-CD live album by the Allman Brothers Band.
The Institute of Designers in Ireland (IDI) was formed in 1972 and is the professional body representing designers and design students from different disciplines who practice on the island of Ireland and abroad.
"""Truth"" is a song by South African post-grunge and alternative metal band Seether."
Nuregami kenpō (濡れ髪剣法, Nuregami kenpō) is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Bin Kado.
Blackmail is a 2005 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Anil Devgan, which stars Suniel Shetty, Ajay Devgn and Priyanka Chopra in the lead roles.
Christopher Bolduc (born March 12, 1980) is an American operatic baritone.
Quantum Aspects of Life, a book published in 2008 with a foreword by Roger Penrose, explores the open question of the role of quantum mechanics at molecular scales of relevance to biology.
Goats prefer to browse on vines, such as kudzu, on shrubbery and on weeds, more like deer than sheep, preferring them to grasses.
The Night Club Queen is a 1934 British musical mystery film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Mary Clare, Jane Carr and Lewis Shaw.
Adriana Ferreyr (born 18 May 1983) is a Brazilian film, television, stage actress and entrepreneur. Ferreyr was born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil, the daughter of Rogério Ferreiro, a civil engineer.
He was the son of King Khama III by his first wife, Mma-Besi. In 1923, Sekgoma II ascended the throne at the age of 54 upon the death of his father.
Lawrence Schick is a game designer and writer associated with role-playing games.
Darkness, also known as Darkness: The Vampire Version and Leif Jonker's Darkness, is a 1993 American independent horror film written, produced, edited and directed by Leif Jonker and starring Gary Miller, Randall Aviks and Mike Gisick.
Andrew F (born December 28, 1990) is a Canadian Pop/Rock singer and songwriter born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Bread, Love and Andalusia (Italian: Pane, amore e Andalusia, Spanish: Pan, amor y Andalucía) is a 1958 Italian-Spanish comedy film directed by Javier Setó and starring Carmen Sevilla, Vittorio De Sica and Vicente Parra.
"""Cha-Ching"" is a song by Canadian pop rock group Hedley."
Workbench Songs is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark, released on 10 July 2006.
Shaker Mahmoud Hamza (born 5 May 1960) is an Iraqi football midfielder who played for Iraq in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Saru Lock (Japanese: 猿ロック, Hepburn: Saru Rokku, trans. Monkey Lock) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoki Serizawa.
The Heist is the debut studio album by American hip hop duo Macklemore & Ryan Lewis.
Kazuaki Kimura (木村 一信, Kimura Kazuaki, 24 April 1946 – 26 September 2015) was a professor and researcher of modern Japanese literature at Ritsumeikan University, Kyoto.
Cult is the sixth studio album by American rock band Bayside.
"Phil Henderson, aka Philip Lewis or P. Lewis (born November 2, 1967 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American novelist, Dunham, Jeffrey B. ""."
Lucky Stiff is a musical farce. It was the first collaboration for the team of Lynn Ahrens (book and lyrics) and Stephen Flaherty (music).
The Bureau of Health Information is an independent, board-governed statutory authority responsible for reporting on the performance of the health system in New South Wales, Australia.
Scholastic Audio Books; Unabridged edition: June 1, 2006 Scholastic Paperbacks: The Cry of the Icemark is the first book in the Icemark Chronicles by English author Stuart Hill.
Tied & Tickled Trio is a German electronica/dub/jazz musical collective.
Šaukotas is a small town in Šiauliai County in northern-central Lithuania.
August Friedrich Schweigger (8 September 1783 – 28 June 1821) was a German naturalist born in Erlangen.
Chandraketugarh Sahidullah Smriti Mahavidyalaya, established in 1997, is a general degree college in Berachampa.
Tydd St Giles is a village in the Isle of Ely, Cambridgeshire, England.
"El Ratón ( "" The Mouse "" ) is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta."
Duncan Tucker is an American film director and screenwriter.
Winterton-on-Sea is a village and civil parish on the coast of Norfolk, England.
Darreh Mirza (Persian: دره ميرزا‎, also Romanized as Darreh Mīrzā) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.
Amor and Language is an EP by the experimental rock band Red Krayola, released on June 3, 1995, by Drag City.
Fumio Karashima (辛島文雄, Karashima Fumio, 9 March 1948 – 24 February 2017) was a Japanese jazz pianist.
AFR (abbreviation for Anders Fogh Rasmussen) is a Danish mockumentary released in 2007, directed by Danish filmmaker Morten Hartz Kaplers, who also appears in the movie.
Rapture is the third studio album by Australian pop band, The Mavis's, which was posthumously released in March 2003 by their record label, Festival Mushroom Records.
KTUI (1560 AM) is a daytime only radio station licensed to Sullivan, Missouri, United States.
Ramesh Puri Maharaj (or Ramesh Baba) (born 1960, Patne, Maharashtra state) is an Indian sant.
KERV (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to Kerrville, Texas, United States, and serving the Kerrville-Fredericksburg area.
Born in Copenhagen in Denmark, she later moved to Canada and represented her adoptive country internationally. Brit McRoberts.
"The Movement is an American songwriting and music production duo responsible for writing and producing a series of successful singles including Jesse McCartney's ""Leavin'"" and Justin Bieber's ""One Time""."
Ohm Collins Chabane (15 April 1960 – 15 March 2015) was a South African Minister of Public Service and Administration.
Billi is a 2000 Pakistani Urdu horror film directed by Syed Noor starring Meera, Noor and Saima.
Torii Tadanori (鳥居 忠則, 1646 – September 6, 1689) was a Japanese daimyō of the early Edo period who ruled the Takatō Domain in Shinano Province (modern-day Nagano Prefecture).
It's a Wonderful World is a 1956 British musical film directed by Val Guest and starring Terence Morgan, George Cole, Mylène Demongeot (in her first English-language film and listed in the credits as Mylène Nicole) and Kathleen Harrison.
Canon EOS 1200D is an 18.1-megapixel digital single-lens reflex camera (DSLR) announced by Canon on 11 February 2014.
Kenneth Binyavanga Wainaina (18 January 1971 – 21 May 2019) was a Kenyan author, journalist and 2002 winner of the Caine Prize for African Writing.
Hasbasheh () is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 343, in 60 families.
The Spade is the sixth full-length studio album by Butch Walker, and the second released under the name Butch Walker and the Black Widows.
Middle Passage (1990) is a historical novel by Charles R. Johnson about the final voyage of an illegal American slave ship.
House of Bodies is a 2013 American horror film directed by Alex Merkin and written by Eddie Harris.
The Ukrainian–Soviet War () is the term commonly used in post-Soviet Ukraine for the events taking place between 1917–21, nowadays regarded essentially as a war between the Ukrainian People's Republic and the RSFSR.
On April 30, 1989, Williams married Garces, who was pregnant with his child. They had two children, Zelda Rae Williams (born 1989) and Cody Alan Williams (born 1991).
Imran Farooq (; 14 June 1960 – 16 September 2010) was a British-Pakistani politician who was best known for his association with the Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM), a political party in Pakistan, of which he was a very senior member.
Jiro Yabe (矢部 次郎, Yabe Jiro, born May 26, 1978) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
The Nigerian Observer is a daily newspaper published in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria.
Roberto G. Fernández (born 24 September 1951) is a Cuban American novelist and short story writer.
Tan Hong is a former Chinese official, and one of the top aides to disgraced Politburo Standing Committee member Zhou Yongkang.
Gladstone High School is a public high school in Gladstone, Oregon, United States.
Shinya Fukumatsu (ふくまつ進紗, Fukumatsu Shin'ya, born November 30, 1958) is a Japanese voice actor from Tokyo Prefecture.
Aivars Lembergs (born September 26, 1953) is a Latvian politician and oligarch, who has been the mayor of Ventspils since 1988, a mandate from which he has been suspended since 2008.
County of Burra is a cadastral unit located in the Australian state of South Australia which covers land located in the state’s east associated with the town of Burra.
Bayswater Secondary College is a state secondary college located in the suburb of Bayswater in eastern Melbourne, Australia.
Journey's End is an album by Czech bassist Miroslav Vitouš recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label.
Ted Milton (born 1943) is an English poet and musician, best known for leading Blurt, an experimental art rock group.
Wadsworth High School is a public high school for grades 9 through 12 in Wadsworth, Ohio, United States.
Matías Manzano (born June 17, 1986 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine football forward.
Hurricane in Galveston is a 1913 American short drama film directed by King Vidor.
The Imam Sadiq University is an islamic private university in Tehran, Iran.
Ricardo Campos da Costa (born 8 June 1976) is a Brazilian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Aa Gale Lag Jaa (transl. Come, embrace me) is 1994 Hindi language movie directed by Hamid Ali Khan and starring Jugal Hansraj, Urmila Matondkar, Paresh Rawal, Ashok Saraf, Ajit, Reema Lagoo, Raza Murad, Arjun and Gulshan Grover.
Charles Rojzman (August 23, 1942) is a French social psychologist, author and an international leader in mediating racial, ethnic and intercultural conflicts throughout the world.
The David Niven Show is an American television anthology series that aired from April 7 until July 7, 1959.
Solna Church () is a so-called round church in Solna Municipality near Stockholm, Sweden.
Scars is the fifth studio album by English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx.
Dead Man is a 1995 American Western film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch.
California School of Podiatric Medicine at Samuel Merritt University is a podiatric medical school based in Oakland, California.
45 Grave are an American punk rock band from Los Angeles, California formed in 1979. The original group broke up in 1985, but vocalist Dinah Cancer subsequently revived the band.
Collateral Damage is a 2002 American action thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Elias Koteas, Francesca Neri, Cliff Curtis, John Leguizamo and John Turturro.
Macroregion One (Romanian: Macroregiunea Unu) is a statistical (NUTS 1) region of Romania.
The Osprey 2000 on Kootenay Lake The Kootenay Lake Ferry is a ferry across the Kootenay Lake in British Columbia, Canada.
Love My Dog is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F.
No Security is a compilation album by hip hop group D-Block aka The LOX.
Another Kind of Monday is a 1996 young-adult novel by the American writer William E. Coles, Jr. (1932 & ndash;2005) set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Nancy Skinner Nordhoff is an American philanthropist and environmentalist. Nordhoff's work is primarily focused in the Seattle and Langley, Washington regions, where she works to empower women, support rural communities and promote environmentalism of Washington's flora and fauna.
Jacky June (aka Jacke Jun, né Jean-Jacques Junne 3 April 1924 Brussels — 28 September 2012 Braine-l'Alleud, Belgium) was a Belgian jazz saxophonist, clarinetist, and bandleader.
Home is the second studio album by American electronic musician Nosaj Thing.
Clive Holland is an English television and radio presenter.
Merci is a studio album by French progressive rock group Magma, released in 1984.
Squealer is a 2005 pornographic horror film directed by Jack the Zipper.
The Bond Formation is a geologic formation in Illinois.
Sadłowo-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Kuniharu Nakamoto (中本 邦治, Nakamoto Kuniharu, born October 29, 1959) is a former Japanese football player. Nakamoto was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on October 29, 1959.
Tankaman (Persian: تنکمان‎, also Romanized as Tankamān and Tangemān) is a city in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.
Dhana Taprogge is a European singer-songwriter known for her work with the electronic pop band Taxi Doll.
Joandu is a village in Haljala Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.
"William Wellington Wellwood Grant OD (1894 – 27 August 1977) was a Jamaican labour activist. He was known as "" St. William Grant "" , "" St. "" presumably meaning "" Sergeant "" in reference to his military or UNIA service."
Protocol is a 1984 American comedy film starring Goldie Hawn and Chris Sarandon, written by Buck Henry, and directed by Herbert Ross.
He is the vocalist of the similarly named band ICS Vortex, the avant-garde metal band Arcturus, and the doom metal band Lamented Souls.
Tara Air DHC-6 Twin Otter at Jomsom Airport Tara Air DHC-6 Twin Otter at Simikot Airport Tara Air Pvt. Ltd. is an airline headquartered in Kathmandu, Nepal.
Henrik Møller (born 3 September 1985 in Fredericia) is a Danish motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of Denmark team at 2005 and 2006 Under-21 Speedway World Cup.
The 1940s House is a British historical reality television programme made by Wall to Wall/Channel 4 in 2001 about a modern family that tries to the live as a typical middle-class family in London during The Blitz of World War II.
The Toronto Rush is a semi-professional ultimate franchise based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Parchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Vladimir Aleksandrovich Goncharov (also Vladimir Gontcharov, Russian: Владимир Александрович Гончаров; born 21 May 1977) is a Russian sport shooter.
Dodge City High School is a fully accredited high school located in the northwest area of Dodge City, Kansas, United States, serving students in grades 9-12.
The Changeover: a Supernatural Romance is a low fantasy novel for young adults by Margaret Mahy, published in 1984 by J. M. Dent in the U.K.
Petre Grigoraș (born 15 November 1964, in Poduri, Bacău) is a Romanian football manager and former player.
Hornblower and the Hotspur (published 1962) is a Horatio Hornblower novel written by C.
"Chi Coltrane (pronounced ""shy""; born November 16, 1948) is an American singer and pianist. Coltrane was born in Racine, Wisconsin."
Cut & Move is the second full-length studio album by hard rock band Day of Fire, released on June 6, 2006.
Ron Lynch is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and writer.
The Ascent of Money: A Financial History of the World is a 2008 book by Harvard professor Niall Ferguson, and an adapted television documentary for Channel 4 (UK) and PBS (US), which in 2009 won an International Emmy Award.
A Study in Reds (1932) is a polished amateur film by Miriam Bennett which spoofs women’s clubs and the Soviet menace in the 1930s.
WIGV-LP (96.5 FM) is a low-power FM radio station broadcasting a Spanish religious format. Licensed to Providence, Rhode Island, United States, the station is currently owned by Casa De Oracion Getsemani.
Robert Lowery (born Robert Lowery Hanks, October 17, 1913 – December 26, 1971) was an American motion picture, television, and stage actor who appeared in more than seventy films.
{{Infobox deity | type = Hindu | image = Heramba Ganapati.JPG | caption = Heramba Ganapati idol on display at The Prince of Wales Museum, Mumbai.
Jalaibee (; meaning twist) is a 2015 Pakistani caper action thriller film directed and written by Yasir Jaswal, produced by Eman Syed.
Góry Pęchowskie [ˈɡurɨ pɛ̃ˈxɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Sydney Smith (11 April 1856 – 21 February 1934) was an Australian politician.
NGC 6394 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation Draco. It is designated as SBb in the galaxy morphological classification scheme and was discovered by the American astronomer Lewis A.
Ahmedu Augustine Obiabo (born in Ogwule, Agatu Local Government Area, Benue State, Nigeria), known by his stage name Blackface Naija or just Blackface, is a Nigerian dancehall, ragga and reggae singer and songwriter.
Lenny Valentino was a dream pop band from Mysłowice, Poland formed in 1998. Lenny Valentino formed in 1998, with guitarist/vocalist Artur Rojek (of the band Myslovitz) as the primary songwriter.
Shahram Qadir () is an Iranian filmmaker, screenwriter, and photographer.
Omerkhan Daira is a census town in Rangareddi district in the Indian state of Telangana. As of 2001[update] India census, Omerkhan Daira had a population of 7258.
Spender is a British television police procedural drama, created by Ian La Frenais and Jimmy Nail, that first broadcast on 8 January 1991 on BBC1.
Ahoban! is the 4th solo album by Bangladeshi composer and musician Habib Wahid, and his 8th studio album overall.
Dasht-e Marom (, also Romanized as Dasht-e Mārom) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Diari Segre or simply Segre is a Spanish and Catalan language daily newspaper published in Lleida, Spain.
Fred Greaves VC (16 May 1890 – 11 June 1973) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
The Odessa Tales (Russian: Одесские рассказы) is a collection of short stories by Isaac Babel, situated in Odessa in the last days of the Russian empire and the Russian Revolution.
Audio Visual Enterprises(Greece, VHS) Man Against the Mob (also known as Trouble in the City of Angels) is a 1988 NBC television movie directed by Steven Hilliard Stern, starring George Peppard, Kathryn Harrold and Max Gail.
Jam Gems: Live at the Left Bank is collaboration live album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and tenor saxophonist Jimmy Heath recorded at the Left Bank ballroom in Baltimore in June 1965 and released on the Label M label in 2001.
Conrad Nagel (March 16, 1897 – February 24, 1970) was an American film, stage, television and radio actor.
That Certain Summer is a 1972 American made-for-television drama film directed by Lamont Johnson. The teleplay by Richard Levinson and William Link was the first to deal sympathetically with homosexuality.
Zuylen Castle (Dutch: Slot Zuylen - ) is a Dutch castle at the village of Oud-Zuilen just north of the city of Utrecht.
Karin Stanek (August 18, 1943 – February 15, 2011) was a Polish rock and roll and beat music singer, a member of the band Czerwono-Czarni.
Subject to Change is the debut album by the Ohio nu metal band Switched.
Avakasi is a 1954 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Antony Mitradas and produced by P. Subramaniam.
John Barton (born 1957) is a Canadian poet.
Diapers.com was an online specialty retailer for baby products from 2005 to 2017. It was founded by Marc Lore and Vinit Bharara in Montclair, New Jersey.
Wrecking Your Neck is a 2-disc live album released by the thrash metal band Overkill in 1995.
Wojciech Łobodziński (Polish pronunciation: [ˈvɔjtɕɛx wɔbɔˈdʑij̃skʲi]; born 20 October 1982 in Bydgoszcz), is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Miedź Legnica.
Sanghaganam (English: Chorus) is a 1979 Malayalam socio-political film directed by P.
"Eve's Seed: Biology, the Sexes, and the Course of History is a 2001 book by noted American historian and writer Robert S. McElvaine that introduced the new field of ""biohistory"" and presents a major reinterpretation of the human experience."
"""El Scorcho"" is a song by the American alternative rock band Weezer."
Godbeast Megazord: Return of Green Dragon is a 2016 Chinese animated fantasy adventure film directed by Zhu Xiaobing and Huang Yiqing.
Bad Boys Blue is the 1993 self-titled album from German Eurodance group Bad Boys Blue.
Henry Kemp-Blair (April 15, 1930 – April 30, 1986) was a South African-born playwright, director, clergyman and educator that was instrumental in developing the theater program at Chapman University.
Martin Carelse (born 21 November 1980 in Alberton, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) defender for Premier Soccer League club Vasco da Gama.
Nik Henigman (born 4 December 1995) is a Slovenian handball player who plays for SC Pick Szeged and the Slovenian national team.
Josephine Blanche d'Alpuget (born 1944) is an Australian writer and the second wife of Bob Hawke, the longest-serving Labor Prime Minister of Australia.
The oldest of eight children, Arthur James was born in Plymouth, Pennsylvania, to James D. and Rachel (née Edwards) James.
The Mad Hatter Mystery, first published in 1933, is a detective story by American writer John Dickson Carr, featuring his series detective Gideon Fell.
Red Roses for Me is the debut studio album by the London-based band The Pogues, released in October 1984.
Saint-Pierre-de-Soucy is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Cape Eleuthera Airport (IATA: CEL, ICAO: MYEC) was a public use airport located 3 nm east-southeast of Cape Eleuthera, The Bahamas.
Central Linn High School is a public high school in Halsey, Oregon, United States.
Saint-Pierre-de-Coutances is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
"WCME (900 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Brunswick, Maine and serving Maine's Mid Coast; on-air, the station is currently known as ""Radio Midcoast WCME 99-5 FM & 900 AM""."
Shalamar Medical and Dental College (Urdu: شالیمار طبی اور دندان سازی کالج‎, abbreviated as SMDC, SHMC or SHMDC), established in 2009 and named after Shalimar Gardens, Lahore, is a private college of medicine and dentistry located on Shalimar Link Road, Lahore in Shalimar Town.
"""Brandeston is a village in Suffolk, England on the River Deben 11 miles (18 km) northeast of Ipswich."
Map of Jamaica in 1528 Juan de Esquivel (b. Seville, Spain - d. Jamaica, 1523) was a Spanish officer involved with the Colon family's government of the West Indies, particularly Jamaica.
Butler County Regional Airport (Hogan Field) is at 2820 Airport Road East in Hamilton, Ohio.
Radu Beligan (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈradu beliˈɡan]; 14 December 1918 – 20 July 2016) was a Romanian actor, director, and essayist, with an activity of over 70 years in theatre, film, television, and radio.
Bongu () is a 2017 Indian Tamil-language action crime thriller film written and directed by Taj.
Premer Taj Mahal also ( meaning of ) is a Bangladeshi Bengali-language film. Directed by Gazi Mahbub Published: onlinebanglamovie.com Bangladeshi Bangla Movie Amar Premer Tajmahal Online accessed: 19 April 2011 written by Gazi Jahangir.
My Only Rescue is the second studio album by contemporary Christian music band The Museum.
Ian Gallagher is the third oldest Gallagher sibling and is aged 15 at the beginning of the first series in 2004. He is the son of Monica Gallagher (Annabelle Apsion) and Gary Bennett, revealed when his blood group was found to be incompatible with the rest of his siblings'.
Thaai (Tamil: தாய்; English: Mother) is a 1974 Indian Tamil film, directed by D. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Jayalalithaa, Kumari Padmini and S. Varalakshmi in lead roles.
Grotki [ˈɡrɔtki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Luis Piedrabuena (Spanish pronunciation: [lwis pjeðɾaˈβwena]; 24 August 1833 - 10 August 1883) was an Argentine sailor whose actions in southern Argentina consolidated national sovereignty at a time when these lands were virtually uninhabited and were not protected by the state.
Dawn is a science fiction novel by American writer Dean McLaughlin.
The male patas monkey grows to 60 cm (24 in) to 87 cm (34 in) in length, excluding the tail, which measures 75 cm (30 in). Adult males are considerably larger than adult females, which average 49 cm (19 in) in length.
Kadannappalli Ramachandran (born 1 July 1944) is an Indian politician and President of Congress (S).
Sports Box, shortened to SBX, is an Indian restaurant chain focusing on sports theme based casual dining. Sports Box was founded by Sunil Biyani, brother of Kishore Biyani, head of Galaxy Entertainment.
Vittangi () is a locality situated in Kiruna Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 784 inhabitants in 2010.
Aina was a power metal project produced by Sascha Paeth with a number of guest appearances including Glenn Hughes, Michael Kiske and Candice Night.
The Corrs are an Irish band that combine pop rock with traditional Irish themes within their music.
The Warrayu community was established in the early seventies and maintains cultural and genealogical connections with Forrest River Mission community, otherwise known as Oombulgurri.
Big Fun is a 2009 studio album by Towa Tei.
Miały [ˈmjawɨ] (German: Miala) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
WJFD-FM (97.3 MHz) is a commercial radio station licensed to New Bedford, Massachusetts.
John Rothwell (1 October 1913 & ndash; 22 May 2005) was an Australian cricketer. He played four first-class matches for Tasmania between 1933 and 1934.
The Aviator is a 1985 American aviation adventure drama film directed by George T. Miller and starring Christopher Reeve and Rosanna Arquette.
St Gwenfaen's Well (also known as , and ) is an early medieval holy well in the south west of Holy Island, Anglesey, named after St Gwenfaen, whose cloister was nearby.
Abo El Seoud El Ebiary (also credited as Aboul Soud Ibiary, Abu Seoud El-Ibiary; ) (November 9, 1910 – March 17, 1969) was an Egyptian comic screenwriter, playwright, lyricist, and journalist.
Surprise is a compilation album released in 2001 by S.E.S.
Tverai (Samogitian: Tverā, Polish: Twery) is a small town in Rietavas municipality, Lithuania.
Kim Tae-sul (born August 13, 1984) is a South Korean basketball player for Seoul Samsung Thunders and the Korean national team, where he participated at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
Ah Lum (before 1909 & ndash;1925) was a gold miner and store owner in Arrowtown, New Zealand. Ah Lum was born in China, and later moved to New Zealand where he opened a store in the Otago town of Arrowtown.
Kattabomman is a 1993 Tamil comedy-drama film directed by Manivasagam.
The Last Married Couple in America is a 1980 comedy film released in the US. It was directed by Gilbert Cates, whose most successful film Oh, God!.
Arkía El-Ammari (born ) was a Spanish female volleyball player, playing as an opposite. She was part of the Spain women's national volleyball team.
Le choc () is a 1982 French crime thriller film directed by Robin Davis and starring Alain Delon, Catherine Deneuve, and Philippe Léotard.
Danny and the Human Zoo is a British drama television film that first broadcast on BBC One on 31 August 2015. The ninety-minute film, written by Lenny Henry and directed by Destiny Ekaragha, is a fictionalised account of the former's life as a teenager in 1970s Dudley.
Jim Kimball is an American punk drummer. His virtual menagerie of former bands includes Laughing Hyenas, Mule, and The Jesus Lizard, as well as The Denison/Kimball Trio (which contains only Kimball and fellow ex-Jesus Lizard Duane Denison).
Janice Grube is an American singer-songwriter based in Portland, Oregon.
Neveneffecten is a Flemish cabaret quartet formed by Jonas Geirnaert, Lieven Scheire, Koen De Poorter and Jelle De Beule.
Aisha Syed Castro (born September 15, 1989) is a Dominican violinist and a member of the Yehudi Menuhin School orchestra.
Antonio Ney Latorraca (born 27 July 1944, in Santos) is a Brazilian actor.
REDIRECT Bearreraig Sandstone Formation.
Richard Kenward (23 May 1875 – 24 December 1957) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1899 and for Sussex in 1902.
Amadjuak Lake is a lake in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Emine Erdoğan (born Emine Gülbaran; 21 February 1955) is the current first lady of Turkey, as the wife of the 12th president of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
West Haven High School is a secondary school located in West Haven, Connecticut, which educates students in grades 9–12.
Martine Moen (born 30 October 1992) is a retired Norwegian handball player, who last played for Fredrikstad BK.
Gregorio Pernía (born Fernando José Gregorio Pernía Maldonado; May 7, 1970, Cúcuta, Colombia) is a Colombian actor of television.
The Blind Christ () is a 2016 Chilean drama film directed by Christopher Murray.
Armand Mastroianni (born August 1, 1948 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American film director and producer.
Hawk of the Nile (Italian: Lo sparviero del Nilo) is a 1950 Italian adventure film directed by Giacomo Gentilomo and starring Enzo Fiermonte and Silvana Pampanini.
Direct Hits is the first UK compilation album released by The Who.
Man-Proof is a 1938 American romantic comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe.
Abul Ahsan (28 December 1936 – 7 December 2008) was a Bangladeshi diplomat.
"""Pancho and Lefty"" is a song written by country music artist Townes Van Zandt."
Sunset at Montmajour is a landscape in oils painted by the Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh on July 4, 1888.
The Invisible Detective is a series of juvenile adventure novels, written by Justin Richards.
Borkhar County () is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.
Bolpur subdivision is an administrative subdivision of Birbhum district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Saint Christopher Academy is the only private and diocesan school in the town of Bangar, La Union, Philippines.
Au Lapin Agile is a 1905 painting by Pablo Picasso.
Chasing Danger is a 1939 American adventure film directed by Ricardo Cortez and written by Robert Ellis and Helen Logan.
Seyyed Ezzatollah Zarghami () is Iranian conservative Politician and former military officer.
Cherokee Pass is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Madison County, Missouri, United States. Cherokee Pass, Missouri, 7.5 Minute Topographic Quadrangle, USGS, 1980.
Seo Min-woo (; February 8, 1985 – March 25, 2018) was a South Korean idol singer and actor.
Thiruveezhimizhalai is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Amirabad-e Sheybani (Persian: اميرابادشيباني‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Sheybānī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.
Donji Barbeš is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
Rubel Sarsour (Arabic: روبل صرصور‎, Hebrew: רובל סרסור‎; born August 7, 1983) is an Arab-Israeli footballer currently playing for F.C.
"Big Body (stylized as big body) is the ninth studio album by P-Model and the second by the band's "" defrosted "" lineup."
Hikaru Kuba (久場 光, Kuba Hikaru, born April 9, 1990) is a former Japanese football player.
Dick Lowry (born 15 September 1944 in Oklahoma) is an American director and film producer.
Patient Zero is a 2018 action horror film directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky and written by Mike Le.
Albert Johnson (November 2, 1974 – June 20, 2017), better known by his stage name Prodigy, was an American rapper, author, and entrepreneur who, with Havoc, was one half of the hip hop duo Mobb Deep.
Moon 44 is a 1990 German science fiction action film from Centropolis Film Productions, directed by Roland Emmerich and starring Michael Paré and Lisa Eichhorn alongside Brian Thompson and Malcolm McDowell.
Days in Frames is a solo album by Kevin Hearn.
The Western People is a weekly local newspaper published in Ballina, County Mayo in the Republic of Ireland.
Freddy, the Guitar and the Sea (German: Freddy, die Gitarre und das Meer) is a 1959 West German musical film directed by Wolfgang Schleif and starring Freddy Quinn, Corny Collins and Sabine Sesselmann.
Mikhail Rasumny (May 13, 1884 in Odessa, Russian empire – February 17, 1956 in United States) was a Soviet- and American film actor.
Płaczkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Kalle Varonen (born April 11, 1974 in Ulvila, Finland) is a retired freestyle sprint swimmer from Finland.
Sandor Zicherman (Russian: Шандор Зихерман) (born 1935, Užhorod, Czechoslovakia, (now Uzhhorod, Ukraine)) is a Soviet and Hungarian artist.
The PATrain, also known as the Mon Valley Commuter Rail, is a defunct commuter rail service formerly operated by the Port Authority of Allegheny County in the Monongahela Valley in the US state of Pennsylvania.
Joel Quartermain (19 January 1977) is an Australian guitarist, back-up singer, recording drummer and pianist of the band Eskimo Joe.
The Guldara stupa is not far from the village of Guldara (Guldarra or Gol Darreh) in the Kabul Province of Afghanistan set on the summit of a high hill at the end of the Valley of Guldara ('Valley of Flowers').
John Adams High School was a public high school in Portland, Oregon, United States, managed by Portland Public Schools (PPS).
The 2012 Tippeligaen was the 67th completed season of top division football in Norway. The competition began on 23 March 2012 and ended on 18 November 2012, with a summer break from 28 May to 30 June.
Bruce Flowers (born June 13, 1957) is a former American professional basketball player.
Bordj Omar Driss Airport is a public use airport located near Bordj Omar Driss, Illizi, Algeria.
Bochlewo Drugie [bɔˈxlɛvɔ ˈdruɡʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Rupert Ellis-Brown (26 October 1880 – 28 June 1969) was a sailor from South Africa, who represented his country at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Meulan, France.
Dihan Slabbert (born 3 June 1982), is a South African singer, performer, composer, producer, musician, and songwriter.
Rodrigo Soria (born 14 February 1987 in Villa Domínico, Argentina) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger and second striker.
The String () is a 2010 French film with French and Arabic dialogue, directed by Mehdi Ben Attia and made in Belgium and Tunisia.
Captain Barbell is a Philippine television drama action fantasy series broadcast by GMA Network.
Vizion air is a virtual charter airline based in Antwerp, Belgium using Fokker 50 aircraft operated by VLM Airlines.
Hare Krishna Konar (1915–1974) was a fire brand politician, belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist), who played a major role in land reforms in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Witcher Creek is a tributary of the Kanawha River, long, in West Virginia in the United States.
Dellert was the mother of artist and entertainment personality Thomas Dellert, her only child.
Age of Cannibals (German: Zeit der Kannibalen) is a 2014 German drama film directed by Johannes Naber, starring Devid Striesow, Katharina Schüttler and Sebastian Blomberg.
Ida Margrethe Lorentzen (born December 11, 1951 in New York City ) is an American born, Norwegian artist known for her paintings of interiors of a melancholic nature. Ida Lorentzen Ida Lorentzen was raised and educated in New England and Oslo.
Saravana is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language romantic action film directed by K.
Filippo Sassetti (1540–1588) was a traveller and merchant from a long-established Florentine mercantile family, who was born in Florence in 1540.
Death of the first false Dmitrii The Isaac Massa Foundation was established in his honor in Groningen. It aims to stimulate scientific and cultural contacts between the Russian Federation and the Netherlands.
A.B. Skhy (originally New Blues) was an American electric blues band from Milwaukee formed in 1968.
Manly Vale is a suburb of northern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia 17 kilometres north-east of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of Northern Beaches Council, in the Northern Beaches region.
The Beaches of Agnès (French: Les plages d'Agnès) is a 2008 French documentary film directed by Agnès Varda.
The Last Book in the Universe is a 2000 post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by Rodman Philbrick.
Poor Miss Finch (1872) by Wilkie Collins is a novel about a young blind woman who temporarily regains her sight while finding herself in a romantic triangle with two brothers.
Maria Garbowska-Kierczyńska (3 December 1922 – 2 January 2016) was a Polish film, stage and television actress, sometimes known as Marianna Garbowska.
Toynbee School is an 11-16 (no sixth form) secondary school in Chandler's Ford, Hampshire. The head teacher is Mr Matthew Longden.
Shunzo Ono (大野 俊三, Ōno Shunzō, born March 29, 1965) is a former Japanese football player.
Sinamorata is a DVD by doom metal band My Dying Bride, produced in 2005.
Robert Hiester Montgomery (September 21, 1872 – May 2, 1953) was an American accountant and educator, and co-founder of what is today the world's largest accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Martin Rowe (born 24 June 1971) is a British and Manx rally driver who won the British Rally Championship in 1998, the British Formula Rally Championship in 2001, Production World Rally Championship in 2003 and the Chinese Rally Championship in 2006.
Cee Cee Chapman (born Melissa Carol Chapman on December 13, 1958 in Portsmouth, Virginia) is an American country music singer-songwriter.
Vero Beach High School (VBHS) is a 9-12 public high school in Vero Beach, Florida, United States that was established in 1925.
Tiku Talsania is an Indian actor who has acted in supporting roles in nearly 200 films and in TV serials.
Becky Simpson (born 10 August 1986) is a Manchester-born actress, writer and musician who now lives in the Calderdale area of West Yorkshire.
The Italian Job is a 1969 British comedy caper film, written by Troy Kennedy Martin, produced by Michael Deeley and directed by Peter Collinson.
Wangerooge is one of the 32 Frisian Islands in the North Sea located close to the coasts of the Netherlands, Germany and Denmark.
"WQHT (97.1 FM, ""Hot 97"") is a commercial radio station in New York City."
Tamara Eteimo (born July 24, 1987) also known by her stage name Tamara Jones, is a Nigerian R&B singer-songwriter and actress.
The Niagara IceDogs are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League based in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.
Somewhere in Time is the sixth studio album by American Red Dirt group Reckless Kelly.
Mugdha Chaphekar is a State Award winning Indian television and film actress who was born in Mumbai.
Paul-Aimé Sauriol (3 September 1931 & ndash; September 22, 2010) was a Canadian engineer and business executive. Sauriol was born in Laval, Quebec, Canada, the son of a farmer.
Hubbard Foods Ltd is a New Zealand manufacturer of breakfast cereals based in Auckland. It sells cereals under its Hubbards brand and private labels.
St John's Roman Catholic High School is a secondary school in Dundee, Scotland.
Big Blues is an album by American flugelhornist Art Farmer and guitarist Jim Hall featuring performances recorded in 1978 and released on the CTI label.
Samorządki [samɔˈʐɔntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Tirnan (Persian: تيرنان‎, also Romanized as Tīrnān) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Neil Stephens OAM ASM (born 1 October 1963 in Canberra) is an Australian former road bicycle racer.
Journeys to Glory is the debut studio album by Spandau Ballet.
A Lady in Her Bath is a painting from 1571 by François Clouet.
Nir Levine (; born March 4, 1962 in Rehovot) is an Israeli former football player, former caretaker manager of Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Tommy Randall (25 March 1885 – 17 November 1946) was an English footballer who played as a defender for West Ham United. Randall was born in Barking, Essex and started his football career with Barking in the South Essex league.
Judah Lewis (born ) is an American actor, known for roles in the films The Babysitter, Summer of 84, Deliverance Creek and Demolition, and a recurring role in the 2016 television series Game of Silence.
""" Digging in the Dirt "" is a 1992 song by British musician Peter Gabriel. It was the first single taken from his sixth studio album, Us."
Philip Zandén (born 23 July 1954) is a Swedish actor.
Yoo Chae-yeong (Korean: 유채영; September 22, 1973 – July 24, 2014) was a South Korean singer, actress, and radio host.
Clondulane (Irish: Cluain Dalláin) is a village in north County Cork, Ireland, 3.5m east of Fermoy, just off the Main Fermoy-Dungarvan Road.
Let's Talk About Pep is an American reality television series that aired from January 11 until March 1, 2010.
Numb is a Canadian electro-industrial band that is based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Just Business is a 2008 Canadian thriller film directed by Jonathan Dueck and starring Gina Gershon, Jonathan Watton, Earl Pastko, and Zachary Bennett.
Twelve Months, Eleven Days is the second solo studio album released by British singer-songwriter Gary Barlow.
:For the television network, see Victory Sports One Victory Sports Network (VSN) is an internet sports news provider founded in 2002 that focuses primarily on sporting events between colleges and universities in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics.
The 12-12-12: The Concert for Sandy Relief is a compilation album by various rock and pop music artists, recorded live during the Hurricane Sandy relief concert 12-12-12: The Concert for Sandy Relief, held in New York's Madison Square Garden.
Club Nintendo is a customer loyalty program provided by Nintendo.
The Best of Abbey Road is jazz vocalist Gary Williams's fifth album, released in 2010. It is a compilation album of songs from three albums recorded at Abbey Road Studios: Alone Together, In the Lounge with Gary Williams and Swingin' on Broadway.
Jamil Baloch (born 12 June 1972) is a Pakistani sculptor.
Odd John: A Story Between Jest and Earnest is a 1935 science fiction novel by the British author Olaf Stapledon.
Lusaka Voice is a Zambian online news agency.
In February 1896 Herbert John Dowsing and H. S. Keating of England patented a mercury vapour lamp, considered by some to be the first true mercury vapour lamp. The first mercury vapor lamp to achieve widespread success was invented in 1901 by American engineer Peter Cooper Hewitt.
Tim & Jean was an indie pop duo from Mandurah, Australia. The group consisted of Tim Ayre and Jean Capotorto.
The 2014 Food City 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on March 16, 2014, at Bristol Motor Speedway in Bristol, Tennessee.
Numen (rock band) is a Spanish progressive rock band from Alicante formed in 1992 by César Alcaraz, Víctor Arques, Gaspar Martínez, Manuel Mas and Antonio Valiente.
Founded in Newton, Massachusetts in 1976, the Joanne Langione Dance Center was the first American youth dance school centered on a developmental, avocational rather than competitive model.
Elizabeth Horrell (21 April 1826 – 18 January 1913) was a New Zealand teacher and homemaker.
Gun Fever is a 1958 American Western film directed by Mark Stevens and written by Stanley H. Silverman and Mark Stevens.
Donji Žirovac () is a village in Croatia.
Alexandre Charles Lecocq (3 June 1832 – 24 October 1918) was a French composer, known for his opérettes and opéras comiques.
"WJBZ-FM (96.3 FM, "" Praise 96.3 "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Seymour, Tennessee."
The River's End is a 1919 western novel by the American writer James Oliver Curwood.
The Del-Lords are an American rock and roll band that formed in New York City, United States, in 1982, founded by The Dictators' guitarist Scott Kempner.
Bootlegged, Distorted, Remixed and Uploaded is a compilation album by English metal band Pitchshifter.
Kunjikuruvi is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Vinayan.
Shendeh (Persian: شنده‎) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 970, in 280 families.
John Michael Montgomery (born January 20, 1965) is an American country music singer.
George Sweeny (February 22, 1796 – October 10, 1877) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio. Born near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Sweeny was a graduate of Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Theory and Technique is a book first published in 2001, co-authored by Renzo Gracie, Royler Gracie, Kid Peligro and John Danaher and illustrated by Ricardo Azoury.
The Contax II is a 35 mm rangefinder camera.
Sergio Pininfarina, born Sergio Farina, (8 September 1926 – 3 July 2012) was an Italian automobile designer and Senator for life. Pininfarina was born in Turin.
Prof. M. J. Rabi Singh is a scholar in Tamil and comparative literature. Born in 1939 in Nagercoil in Tamil Nadu, India, he currently resides in Chennai, India.
Marie Françoise Gilot (born 26 November 1921) is a French painter, best known for her long, stormy relationship with Pablo Picasso, with whom she had two children.
The Smurfs 2 is a 2013 American 3D live-action/computer-animated comedy film and a sequel to the 2011 film The Smurfs.
The Lansing State Journal is a daily newspaper published in Lansing, Michigan, owned by Gannett.
Hattian Bala () is a town in Hattian Bala District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Transistor is the fourth studio album by American rock band 311, released on August 5, 1997 by Capricorn Records.
Lac Vieux Desert is a lake in the United States divided between Gogebic County, Michigan, and Vilas County, Wisconsin.
The Isua Greenstone Belt is an Archean greenstone belt in southwestern Greenland.
"Royal Prussian Jagdstaffel 89, commonly abbreviated to Jasta 89, was a "" hunting group "" (i.e., fighter squadron) of the Luftstreitkräfte, the air arm of the Imperial German Army during World War I. Jasta 89 was founded on 28 or 29 October 1918."
Norges Skaal (English: Norway’s Toast), was first written in 1771 by Johan Nordahl Brun in Copenhagen during the period when Norway was in a personal union with Denmark as a drinking song for the Norwegian literary society in Copenhagen.
Ma Fleur (my flower, in French) is the fourth full-length release and third proper studio album by The Cinematic Orchestra, released on 7 May 2007.
Rose-Marie is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Lucien Hubbard.
Sweetheart Video is a Canadian pornographic film studio based in Montreal, Quebec. The studio was founded by Jonathan Blitt and pornographic actress Nica Noelle in 2008, and it specializes in lesbian-themed films.
Straight from the N.O. is the second studio album by American rapper Choppa, released on March 4, 2003 through The New No Limit , Take Fo & Universal Records.
Jablanica (Maglaj) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Saint-Pierre-Eynac is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Shanna Hogan is a New York Times bestselling American non-fiction author and journalist who lives in Phoenix, Arizona.
Dominic Mohan (born 26 May 1969, Bristol, England) is a British journalist, broadcaster and former editor of The Sun newspaper in London.
Triad School, also known as Triad Christian School, is a private Conservative Baptist school in Klamath Falls, Oregon, United States.
Peter Askim is an American composer of modern classical music, conductor, music educator and a double bassist.
Grace Garland (born New York City, U.S.) is an American singer-songwriter, author and actress.
Iwowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The saltmarsh sparrow measures 11-14 cm (4.3-5.5 in) in length, has a wingspan of 17.8-21 cm (7.0-8.3 in), and weighs 14-23.1 g (0.49-0.81 oz).
The Lawless is a historical novel written by John Jakes and originally published in 1978.
St. François Atoll is one of two atolls of the Alphonse Group in the Seychelles that are part of the Outer Islands.
"1208 (generally pronounced "" twelve-o-eight "" or "" twelve-zero-eight "" ) was a punk rock band from Hermosa Beach, California that formed in 1994."
Truth was a weekly English language newspaper published in Perth, Western Australia.
Pymatuning Valley High School is a public high school in Andover, Ohio.
Philip S. W. Goldson International Airport (IATA: BZE, ICAO: MZBZ) is an airport that serves the nation of Belize's largest city, Belize City along the eastern coast of Central America.
The Columbia Borough School District is a diminutive, urban, public school district serving the Borough of Columbia in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Sir Thomas Lodge (c.1509 – 28 February 1584), was Lord Mayor of London. Thomas Lodge was the son of William Littleton alias Lodge.
Olatunde Osunsanmi (born (1977-10-23)October 23, 1977) is an American film and television director and producer.
Hayward High School is a public high school in Hayward, California, United States, one of four high schools in the city.
"A Noise from the Deep is a 1913 American short silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Roscoe "" Fatty "" Arbuckle. The film was directed and produced by Mack Sennett and also features the Keystone Cops on horseback."
Tamara Melenteva (Russian: Тамара Ильинична Мелентьева) is a Russian professor and author.
Taunton Municipal Airport (ICAO: KTAN, FAA LID: TAN), also known as King Field, is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Taunton, a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.
Human Radio is the debut album of Memphis band Human Radio, released in 1990 on Columbia Records.
Albert Dieudonné (26 November 1889 – 19 March 1976) was a French actor, screenwriter, film director and novelist.
Byalalu is a village in Bangalore south District in Karnataka, India.
Ulla Werbrouck (born 24 January 1972 in Izegem) is a former Belgian politician and judoka.
The 2002 Football League Cup Final was played between Blackburn Rovers and Tottenham Hotspur at the Millennium Stadium, Cardiff, on Sunday, 24 February 2002.
"Brydon Coverdale (born 18 September 1981 ) is an Australian quiz personality best known for being one of the "" chasers "" on The Chase Australia, where he is nicknamed "" The Shark "" ."
Mina and the Count is an American animated television series created by Rob Renzetti, which was never brought into development as a full-fledged series.
I'll Tell the World is a 1934 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick and written by Ralph Spence and Dale Van Every.
Georgian folklore is ever present in his music. Sulkhan Tsintsadze was one of Georgia's leading composers.
"The Chinese Puzzle is a British six-part children's adventure series, first broadcast on BBC1 in 1974. It was the brainchild of prolific British television writer, Brian Finch, and features ""two friends who stumble into a complex plot involving kidnapping and blackmail""."
Vladimír Chvátil [ˈvlaɟɪmiːr ˈxvaːcɪl] (born 1971), often known professionally as Vlaada Chvátil [ˈvlaːda ˈxvaːcɪl], is a Czech board game designer and video game designer.
WLCK (1250 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel format. Licensed to Scottsville, Kentucky, United States, the station serves the Bowling Green area.
Alex Pareene is an American writer and editor.
Dandepally is a village located in Wrangal-Urban district in the Indian state of Telangana. The village is adopted by honourable Vinod Kumar Boianapalli who is a Member of Parliament (MP) of Karimnagar.
Carlos Sayadyan (; born February 17, 1948 in Yerevan, Armenia), is an Armenian painter living in Armenia.
Anjana Om Kashyap is an Indian journalist and anchor.
Mihai Gavrilă (Romanian pronunciation: [miˈhaj ɡaˈvrilə]; b. October 16, 1929, Cluj) is a Romanian quantum physicist and a corresponding member of the Romanian Academy since 1974.
It's a Wonderful World is the ninth studio album released by Mr. Children, released on May 10, 2002, which marks the tenth anniversary of their first album's release.
Gorzeszów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Taylor's Wall is a 2001 television film directed by Craig Ross Jr., written by Cheryl McKay and starring Sam Doumit and Lukas Behnken.
Giovanni Lorenzo d'Anania or Gian Lorenzo d'Anania (, 1545–1609) was an Italian geographer and theologian.
The Legend of Hallowdega is a 2010 black comedy fantasy mockumentary short film, directed by Terry Gilliam from a screenplay by Aaron Bergeron.
Sheldon Thompson (1785–1851) was mayor of Buffalo, New York, serving in 1840–1841. He was born in Derby, Connecticut on July 2, 1785.
The House I Live In () is a Soviet war film, shot in the Gorky Film Studio in 1957, directed by Lev Kulidzhanov and Yakov Segel.
XHOX-FM is a radio station in Ciudad Obregón, Sonora.
Adelaide (/ˈædəleɪd/ (listen) AD-ə-layd) is the capital city of the state of South Australia, and the fifth-most populous city of Australia.
Taylor Airport (FAA LID: 6F5) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) north of the central business district of Albany, a city in Shackelford County, Texas, United States.
"Las delicias del poder (""The Delights of Power"") is a 1999 Mexican political satire comedy film directed by Iván Lipkies starring María Elena Velasco as La India María with Ernesto Gómez Cruz, Irma Dorantes, and Adalberto Martínez."
In 1959 Huxley turned down an offer of a Knight Bachelor by the Macmillan government without putting forward a reason; his brother Julian had been knighted in 1958, while another brother Andrew would be knighted in 1974.
The Norfolk Police Department (NPD) is the primary law enforcement agency servicing 242,803 people within of jurisdiction within Norfolk, Virginia.
Hey Man is the fourth studio album by the hard rock band, Mr. Big.
The Lonely Forest is an American indie rock band from Anacortes, Washington with two EPs and four studio albums.
All the Way Home is a 1963 drama film directed by Alex Segal and starring Jean Simmons, Robert Preston, Pat Hingle, and Michael Kearney.
"Tres Caballeros (Spanish for ""Three gentlemen"") is the third studio album by The Aristocrats, released on June 23, 2015."
Rıza Kayaalp (; born 10 October 1989 in Yozgat) is a four times world and eight times European champion Turkish wrestler competing in the 120 & nbsp;kg division of Greco-Roman wrestling.
Geneviève Gaillard (born 13 May 1947 in Niort, Deux-Sèvres), is a French veterinary doctor, politician, member of the French Socialist Party, and, since 2008, Mayor of Niort.
Raw Deal is a 1986 American action film directed by John Irvin and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Kathryn Harrold, Darren McGavin and Sam Wanamaker.
Jung Eui-yoon (Korean: 정의윤; born July 25, 1986) is a South Korean professional baseball outfielder currently playing for the SK Wyverns of Korea Baseball Organization.
Magny-le-Hongre () is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
WNFZ is a radio station licensed to Powell, Tennessee, serving Knoxville, Tennessee.
Zengir (Persian: زنگير‎, also Romanized as Zengīr) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Lamin Conateh (born 1 October 1981 in Bakau & task=view & id=57 & Itemid=43 gambiasports.gm ) is a Gambian footballer, who currently plays for Arameiska-Syrianska Botkyrka IF.
Andranik Hakobyan (, born 6 October 1981 in Vagharshapat, Armenian SSR) is a Swiss amateur boxer with Armenian roots.
Ask for the Moon (Italian: Chiedi la luna) is a 1991 Italian comedy drama film directed by Giuseppe Piccioni.
Perkins School of Theology is one of Southern Methodist University's three original schools and is located in Dallas, Texas.
Diego Alberto Torres (born 3 July 1982 in Bragado) is an Argentine retired footballer Torres started his career in Quilmes Atlético Club where he played 105 games and scored 10 goals.
"Lapit (Filipino, ""Closer"") is the third studio album by Filipina singer-composer Yeng Constantino."
Thomas Ingersoll (1749–1812) was an early settler in Upper Canada, later Ontario.
Long Arm of the Law Part 3 is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau, Elizabeth Lee, Max Mok and Elvis Tsui.
Karolín is a village and municipality (obec) in Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.
My Afternoons with Margueritte (French: La Tête en friche) is a 2010 French film directed by Jean Becker, based on the book of the same name by Marie-Sabine Roger.
Doria Shafik ( & lrm;; 14 December 1908 – 20 September 1975) was an Egyptian feminist, poet and editor, and one of the principal leaders of the women's liberation movement in Egypt in the mid-1940s.
"Marie Yanaka (谷中 麻里衣, born August 30, 1990 in Tokyo) is the 2011 winner of the Miss Nippon (""Miss Japan"" in Japanese) beauty pageant."
IPL Information Processing Limited, commonly known as IPL, is a privately owned European software services company headquartered in Bath, UK, providing business consultancy, technical consultancy, IT solutions and support services.
Brown Sugar is the debut studio album by American R&B singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist D'Angelo.
Ryo Takeuchi (竹内 涼, born March 8, 1991) is a Japanese football player.
My is the sixth studio album by Polish recording artist Edyta Górniak, released through Anaconda Productions on February 14, 2012 (Valentine's Day).
A Life for the Taking (Swedish: Tag ditt liv) is a 1995 Swedish drama film directed by Göran du Rées.
Educated Evans is a 1936 British comedy film, directed by William Beaudine and starring Max Miller.
Denis Shchetkin (Russian: Денис Щеткин) (born 14 September 1982) is a Kazakhstan footballer who played as a defender. Shchetkin began playing professional football with FC Irtysh Pavlodar in 1999, where he won the Kazakhstan Premier League.
Neruppu Da (English: Fire 'Em Up) is a 2017 Indian Tamil language action thriller film written and directed by debutant B.
"""10 Days Late"" is a song by the American alternative rock band Third Eye Blind."
Lincoln High School is a public high school located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, United States.
Vivienne Osborne (December 10, 1896 – June 10, 1961) was an American stage and film actress known for her work in Broadway theatre and in silent and sound films.
Milebush is a hamlet about one mile (1.6 km) north of Marden in the Maidstone district of Kent, England.
"Irving Enrique Jiménez (born May 7, 1983), is a Panamanian singer better known by his stage name Makano. At the age of 12, Jiménez was part of a reggaeton group called ""Los Makanos""."
"K-StateSports.com, Football, 2012 Roster, "" Tyler Lockett. He attended Barnard Elementary, Carver Middle School, and then Booker T. Washington High School in Tulsa, where he was a three-sport star in football, basketball, and track and field."
Just a Matter of Time is an album by American vocalist Marlena Shaw recorded in 1976 and released on the Blue Note label.
A Hungry Heart is a 1917 silent film drama directed by Emile Chautard and starring Alice Brady.
The Kites Flying in the Sky () is a 2008 North Korean film.
Mystic River is a 2003 American neo-noir mystery drama film directed and scored by Clint Eastwood.
Éric Guyot (born 10 March 1962) is a French former professional racing cyclist. He rode in one edition of the Tour de France and four editions of the Vuelta a España.
John Barbour (born on April 24, 1933 in Toronto, Ontario) is an actor, comedian, television host, and is the only performer in TV to win Emmys for both entertainment and news shows.
The adult female A. mali emerges from diapause in the spring. The whole life cycle takes 20 to 25 days.
Soon After Silence is the sixth studio album from the Australian electronica artist Endorphin, released in 2007.
Attack on Pearl Harbor is a flight simulator developed by 3DIVISION and Legendo Entertainment and published by Legendo and CDV Software.
Palenciana is a city located in the province of Córdoba, Spain. According to the 2006 census (INE), the city has a population of 1584 inhabitants.
"is a 1977 Japanese anime film directed by Leiji Matsumoto. The film consists of various television episodes edited from the "" Iscandar "" arc of the 1974 Space Battleship Yamato television series."
Sanford Myron Zeller (19 October 1885 – 4 November 1948) was an American mycologist. Born in Coldwater, Michigan, Zeller was educated at Lawrence College in Wisconsin, then Greenville College in Illinois, from which he received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1909.
Petrus Iilonga (8 January 1947 – 11 December 2018) was a Namibian politician as well as a trade union leader and political prisoner in Robben Island.
Lena Pillars (; , Ölüöne Turūk Khayalara) is the name given to a natural rock formation along the banks of the Lena River in far eastern Siberia.
David Shae (also known as David Moretti) (born September 3, 1981 in Cranston, Rhode Island) is an American actor.
"""Some Hearts Are Diamonds"" is a song by English soft rock musician Chris Norman, released as a single in 1986."
Benakal is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Thema syneidiseos (Greek: Θέμα συνειδήσεως) is a 1973 Greek film produced by Finos Films, directed by Petros Lykas and starring Nikos Kourkoulos and Betty Arvaniti.
Nehale Senior Secondary School is a public school in Onayena, Oshikoto Region, Namibia. Established in 1976, it is among the oldest secondary schools in the region.
Rahul Dholakia is an Indian film director-producer-screenwriter, most known for his National Film Award-winning film, Parzania (Heaven & Hell On Earth) (2005), And the award goes to...
The Maelstrom of Paris or The Whirlwind of Paris (French:Le tourbillon de Paris) is a 1928 French silent film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Lil Dagover, Léon Bary and Gaston Jacquet.
The 3rd Wish: To Rock the World sometimes just called The 3rd Wish is the fourth solo studio album by American hip hop recording artist SPM.
Marlon Knauer (born August 19, 1987 in East Berlin) is a German singer, identified on album covers, concert advertisements, and other media only by his first name.
On the Banks of the Wabash is a 1923 American silent rural melodrama film directed by J.
Carlos Roberto Atehortúa born June 27, 1987 in Neiva, is a Colombian football Goalkeeper, who currently plays for Millonarios in the Copa Mustang.
Hurricane Paloma was the third-strongest November Atlantic hurricane on record.
Trzecianów Osiedle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Microphone Champion is the second studio album by English grime MC Skepta, released on 1 June 2009.
Shanghai Dragon Television or Dragon TV () is sometimes referred to as Tomato TV (), is a provincial satellite TV station.
Ikuinen virta is the first album by Finnish pop rock band Indica, released in 2004.
Wódka Żołądkowa Gorzka (Polish pronunciation: [ˈvutka ˌʐɔwɔntˈkɔva ˈɡɔʂka]) − colloquially shortened to Żołądkowa Gorzka or Żołądkowa − is a herbal vodka from Poland, and the leading brand of Polmos-Lublin/Stock Polska since 1950.
Cloudburst is a 2011 Canadian-American comedy-drama film written and directed by Thom Fitzgerald and starring Olympia Dukakis and Brenda Fricker.
Levi Heimans (born 24 July 1985 in Diemen, North Holland) is a Dutch track cyclist. Heimans represented the Netherlands at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens where he took part in the 4 km team pursuit together with Jens Mouris, Peter Schep and Jeroen Straathof.
Ignace Nazaire Oswald Pilloud (27 July 1873 – 6 July 1946) was a Swiss painter and illustrator .
Engelbert Zaschka (September 1, 1895 in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany – June 26, 1955 in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany) was a German chief engineer, chief designer and inventor.
Trnovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 227 people.
E is the text editor which was made part of PC DOS with version 6.1 in June 1993, and later with version 7 and PC DOS 2000.
Welcome Mr. President () is an Italian 2013 comedy film directed by Riccardo Milani and starring Claudio Bisio.
Priyanka Gill (born 2 June 1980) is a British fashion journalist, entrepreneur and angel investor currently based in Delhi, India.
The Boat People are an Australian four-piece indie pop band. The Brisbane based group consists of James O'Brien, Robin Waters, Charles Dugan and Tony Garrett.
Vice-Admiral Robert FitzRoy FRS (5 July 1805 – 30 April 1865) was an English officer of the Royal Navy and a scientist.
John Hempleman (April 22, 1933 - August 19, 2019) was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from New Zealand.
The province is known for its festivities which includes the Ati-Atihan festival in Kalibo.
Espion, lève-toi 1982 is a French spy thriller film directed by Yves Boisset about a sleeper agent in Zurich, based on the thriller Chance Awakening (1977) by George Markstein.
Andrew Hoskins (born December 20, 1975 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian rower.
Terrebonne is a provincial electoral district in Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec.
Boeoes Kaelstigen is a techno group consisting of Leo Nathorst-Böös and Tor Rauden Källstigen.
Actus Tragicus, sometimes credited as Actus Comics or simply Actus, is a group of five Israeli comics artists founded in 1995 by Rutu Modan and Yirmi Pinkus.
Henry Kotani (小谷ヘンリー, Kotani Henrī, 25 April 1887 – 8 April 1972) was a pioneering Japanese film director and cinematographer.
One Angry Man is a 2010 film starring Jackie Mason and directed by Peter LeDonne and Steven Moskovic.
HTV3 is a channel of Ho Chi Minh City Television in Vietnam and used to be administered by Tri Viet Media Corporation (TVM Corp. ).
During her years at Washington Seminary, Mitchell's brother, Stephens, was away studying at Harvard College (1915-1917), and he left in May 1917 to enlist in the army, about a month after the U.S. declared war on Germany.
Tessa Dunlop is a television presenter, radio broadcaster and historian.
Evangelos Georgiou (Greek: Ευάγγελος Γεωργίου, born 12 August 1995) is a Cypriot footballer who most recently played for AEL Limassol as a goalkeeper.
The 2015 National Games of India, also known as the 35th National Games of India, was held from 31 January 2015 to 14 February 2015 across seven districts of Kerala, India.
Walsall Central Library is a public library situated in the town centre of Walsall in the West Midlands, in the United Kingdom.
""" I Need to Know "" is a song recorded by American singer Marc Anthony for his eponymous fourth studio album. It was released as the lead single from the album on August 15, 1999."
José María Cabo Puig (born July 17, 1907 in Alfara del Patriarca, Valencia), was a Spanish footballer and manager. He played as a goalkeeper notably for Real Madrid, Atlético Madrid and RCD Espanyol.
Alessandro Vinci (born 8 August 1987) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Paganese, as a defender. Born in Florence, Tuscany, Vinci started his career at Tuscan club Empoli.
Liefdesoffer is a 1916 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
Ma Yingnan (born 3 March 1984) is a Chinese judoka.
""" Merry Go 'Round "" is a debut song recorded by American Country Music artist Kacey Musgraves. It was released in September 2012 as the lead single from Musgraves' debut album Same Trailer Different Park."
Stavros Zurukzoglu (April 5, 1896 & nbsp;– & nbsp;November 26, 1966) was an influential Swiss eugenicist.
Shawn Elliott (born June 26, 1973) is an American football coach and former player, currently the head football coach at Georgia State University.
Nasr Mahrous Abdel Masih Tanious (Arabic: نصر محروس عبدالمسيح طانيوس‎; born 7 January 1969) is an Egyptian music producer, best known for his Record label FreeMusic art production company.
Qamışlıgöl (also, Gamyshlygël, Gamyshlygël’, and Kamyshly-Gel) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 459.
Ballybollen is a townland in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Don't Be Bad (Italian: Non essere cattivo) is a 2015 Italian drama film directed by Claudio Caligari.
The Hap'nin's is an album by American saxophonist Gigi Gryce recorded in 1960 for the New Jazz label.
Mark Tullo (born 9 February 1978) is a Chilean professional golfer. He attended North Carolina State University in the United States on a golf scholarship, graduating with a degree in Business Management, and turned professional in 2003.
Cagayan de Oro National High School or City High is a public high school located in Cagayan de Oro, Misamis Oriental, Philippines.
Porażyn-Ośrodek [pɔˈraʐɨn ɔˈɕrɔdɛk] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Opalenica, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Wildek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
A Cheerful Gang Turns the Earth (陽気なギャングが地球を回す, Yōki na Gyangu ga Chikyū o Mawasu) is a 2006 comedy heist film directed by Japanese director Tetsu Maeda, based on a novel by Kōtaro Isaka.
William Oliver ( & nbsp;– 17 March 1764) was a British physician and philanthropist, and inventor of the Bath Oliver. He was born at Ludgvan, Cornwall, and baptised on 27 August 1695, described as the son of John Oliver the owner of the Trevarno Estate.
Eaton Bank Academy (formerly Eaton Bank School) is a co-educational secondary school with academy status located in the town of Congleton in Cheshire, England.
Michael Ludäscher (born 4 May 1988) is a Swiss football defender who currently plays for FC Baden on loan from FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League.
Wonderful is the fourth studio album by American hardcore punk band Circle Jerks, released July 21, 1985 by Combat Records.
Dirt is the second studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains, released on September 29, 1992, through Columbia Records.
Kalenderovci Donji () is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
N. H. Antia was born on 8 February 1922 at Hubli, in northern Karnataka in India in a middle class Parsi family to Hormasji Merwanji and Soonamai and did hs schooling at his native place and the nearby Belgaum.
Marceau Stricanne (1 January 1920 – 25 July 2012) was a French footballer who played for Le Havre AC, EF Lens-Artois, CO Roubaix-Tourcoing and Stade Français Paris.
Even Dwarfs Started Small (German: Auch Zwerge haben klein angefangen) is a 1970 West German comedy-drama film written, produced, and directed by Werner Herzog.
Holendry Kuźmińskie [xɔˈlɛndrɨ kuʑˈmiɲskʲɛ] (German Kuschminer Holland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Syed Ali Ausat Zaidi (Urdu: سيد علي اوسط زيدي) was a renowned Urdu Soazkhawan. He was born in Meerut in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh in 1932 and died in Karachi, Pakistan in 2008.
Krš i lom is the second live album by the Serbian garage rock/punk rock band Partibrejkers, released by Odličan Hrčak in 2010.
Rebecca Moore (born May 21, 1968 in New York City) is an American musician, actress and animal rights activist.
Sinimäe is a village in Narva-Jõesuu, Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
The Communion of the Apostles, or Institution of the Eucharist is a painting of the Last Supper by Federico Barocci located at Santa Maria sopra Minerva in Rome.
Princess Ligovskaya (Russian: Княгиня Лиговская) is an unfinished novel by Mikhail Lermontov started in 1836 and first published in No.1, January 1882 issue of Russky Vestnik.
Deputatsky Airport is an airport serving the urban locality of Deputatsky, Ust-Yansky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.
Ancient Wars: Sparta () is a 2007 real-time strategy video game for Microsoft Windows, developed by World Forge, published by Playlogic, and distributed by Eidos.
Kevin Lewis (born October 6, 1978 in Orlando, Florida) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League who played for the New York Giants.
(Fondazione Cariplo) Umberto Lilloni (Milan, 1898–1980) was an Italian painter.
Kajuiyeh (, also Romanized as Kajūīyeh; also known as Kowjū’īyeh) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Sh-K-Boom Records is an independent record label and producer of recorded and live entertainment, which was founded in 2000 by husband and wife Kurt Deutsch and Sherie Rene Scott with the mission of bridging the gap between pop music and theater.
Gwoździanka (, Hvozdianka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Čhetáŋ Sápa' (Black Hawk) (c. 1832 – c. 1890) was a medicine man and member of the Sans Arc or Itázipčho band of the Lakota people.
was a daimyō during mid-Edo period Japan. Matsudaira Nobutoki was the eldest son of Matsudaira Nobuteru, the daimyō of Koga Domain in Shimōsa Province.
Yesterday You Said Tomorrow is a studio album by American jazz trumpeter Christian Scott.
Ben Lear was born in Hamilton, Ontario on May 12, 1879.
Shawn Thomas Odyssey is an Edgar and Agatha Award-nominated author as well as a film, television, and video game music composer.
Les malheurs d'Alfred (The Troubles of Alfred) is a 1972 French comedy film directed by and starring Pierre Richard.
Tomi Kostadinov (; born 15 March 1991) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sportist Svoge.
Gyula Gózon (19 April 1885, in Nové Zámky – 8 October 1972, in Budapest) was a Hungarian actor and comedian.
Denis Kudla (/ˈkuːdlə/ KOOD-lə; born August 17, 1992) is an American professional tennis player of Ukrainian descent. Kudla moved from Ukraine to Fairfax, Virginia on his first birthday and soon became an American citizen.
Sachin Khurana is an Indian model turned actor.
Love Zone is the sixth album recorded by British R & B singer and songwriter Billy Ocean.
Aleksandër Xhuvani (14 March 1880 – 22 November 1961) was an Albanian philologist and educator. He studied at the University of Athens before coming to Elbasan, where he taught at the Normal School.
Nikkita Holder (born May 7, 1987 in East York, Ontario) is a Canadian track and field athlete of Barbadian descent who specialises in the 100 metres hurdles.
The Dawns Here Are Quiet () is a 1972 Soviet war drama directed by Stanislav Rostotsky based on Boris Vasilyev's novel of the same name.
Harry Adaskin, OC (Latvian: Harijs Adaskins; 6 October 1901 – 7 April 1994) was a Canadian violinist, academic, and radio broadcaster.
Steve Augeri (born January 30, 1959) is an American rock singer best known for his work as the lead singer of Journey from 1998 to 2006.
Shotor Sang () is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 22 families.
Altiyan Childs is the self-titled debut studio album by 2010 X Factor Australia winner Altiyan Childs.
Captains Outrageous is a suspense/crime novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale, the sixth novel in the Hap and Leonard series of books.
Kalthoon (English: Rock Pillar) is a 1981 Indian Tamil film, directed by Major Sundarrajan and produced by S. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, K.
Gloria Gwynne Gilford (born July 27, 1946) is a retired American actress and psychotherapist.
Świdwie [ˈɕfidvjɛ] is a lake in north-western Poland, and is the site of a nature reserve and a Ramsar site (one of 13 such sites in Poland).
Mimi Morales (born April 11, 1976 in Cartagena, Colombia) is a Colombian actress.
Stargate SG-1 (often abbreviated SG-1) is a Canadian-American military science fiction adventure television series and part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's Stargate franchise.
Artur Carlos de Barros Basto (Hebrew: אברהם ישראל בן-ראש‎; Abraham Israel Ben-Rosh) (December 18, 1887 in Amarante, Portugal – March 8, 1961 in Porto), he made a career in the military and as a writer, who published several works related to Judaism.
Naqoyqatsi (/nɑːkɔɪˈkɑːtsi/ NAH-koy-KAH-tsee), also known as Naqoyqatsi: Life as War, is a 2002 American film directed by Godfrey Reggio and edited by Jon Kane, with music composed by Philip Glass.
Rafael Freyre is a municipality and town in the Holguín Province of Cuba.
Akkadevanahalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
"My Football Summer (Chinese: 奇蹟的夏天; pinyin: Qíjī de xiàtiān; Wade–Giles: Ch'i-chi te hsia-t'ien, literally ""A Miraculous Summer"") is a 2006 documentary film directed by Yang Li-chou and Chang Rong-ji about a group of young aboriginal football players in pursuit of a dream."
Daniele Ganser (born August 29, 1972 in Lugano) is a Swiss historian.
Burnt Offering (French: L'initiatrice aux mains vides) is a French novel by Jeanne Galzy.
Gornja Brštanica (Serbian: Горња Брштаница) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Grand Ayatollah Moslem Malakouti (Persian: مسلم ملکوتی‎, 5 June 1924 in Sarab, East Azerbaijan – 24 April 2014 in Tehran) was an Iranian Shiite cleric, Marja and third imam Jumu'ah for Tabriz.
Kayla J. Yoo is a songwriter, singer, music producer, multimedia designer and music columnist from South Korea who has developed Joombas Music Group as Chief Content Officer with Justine Ok, Yena Seo, and Hyuk Shin in 2011.
William Heberden (13 August 1710 – 17 May 1801) was an English physician.
PlayStation Vita Rainbow Moon is a tactical role-playing game developed by SideQuest Studios and published by Eastasiasoft.
Heart of Me is the debut EP and album from American Idol Season 9 Top 7 finalist, and singer Tim Urban.
TCPalm is the digital news site for Treasure Coast Newspapers, the largest daily news operation on the Treasure Coast of southeastern Florida.
Piccadilly Incident is a 1946 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle, Michael Wilding, Coral Browne, Edward Rigby and Leslie Dwyer.
Ivan Seljak, nom de guerre Čopič (7 December 1927 – 1990) was a Slovene painter and illustrator. Ivan Seljak at the Slovenian Bibliographical Lexicon site Seljak was born in Idrija in 1927.
Giorgio Starace (born 23 February 1959 in Viterbo, Italy) is an Italian diplomat, the current Ambassador to Japan and the current Permanent Representative at the International Renewable Energy Agency.
Eyes Cream is an alter ego of Italian dance music DJ/producer/composer/singer Agostino Carollo.
Bourbon Crow is the outlaw country project formed by horror aficionado Wednesday 13.
Fiona A. Harrison is the Kent and Joyce Kresa Leadership Chair of the Division of Physics, Mathematics and Astronomy at Caltech, Benjamin M. Rosen Professor of Physics at Caltech and the Principal Investigator for NASA's Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array (NuSTAR) mission.
Pouya Norouzinejad Gharehlou (, born 23 June 1994) is an Iranian handball player who plays for Frisch Auf Göppingen and the Iranian national team.
Geoff Taylor (born May 26, 1986) is a Filipino singer, model and actor.
Contes et nouvelles en vers (English: Tales and Novellas in Verse) is an anthology of various ribald short stories and novellas collected and versified from prose by Jean de La Fontaine.
Bijon Sarkar () (11 April 1935 – 29 November 2012) was a Bangladeshi photographer.
Jose Garcia is a game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games.
Cheshmeh Gach (Persian: چشمه گچ‎, also Romanized as Cheshmehgach) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Not One Word Has Been Omitted is the first EP by the progressive metal/mathcore band From a Second Story Window, released under its current title in 2004 by Black Market Activities.
Marc Fleury (born 1968) is the creator of JBoss, an open-source Java application server. Fleury was born in Paris.
The Boy and the Fog (Spanish: El Niño y la niebla) is a 1953 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón.
Zhejiang International Studies University () is located in the city of Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.
Zumrud Gulu-zade ( ) is an Azerbaijani professor of philosophy at the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences.
André Roberto Soares da Silva or known as Beto (born 25 October 1981 in São Carlos, Santa Catarina) is a Brazilian football player who plays as a striker most recently for Novo Hamburgo.
Alain Grée (born 21 July 1936 in Eaubonne, France) is a French illustrator and author.
Raja Toumi (born 3 April 1978) is a Tunisian handball player.
Now and Forever is the eighth studio album by Filipino singer Donna Cruz, released in the Philippines in 2016 by Star Music.
St. John's College High School (SJC, SJCHS, or St. John's) in Washington, D.C., established in 1851, is the second oldest Christian Brothers School in the United States, and the oldest Army JROTC school.
Slate is an online magazine that covers current affairs, politics, and culture in the United States.
Charles B. Hensley is an American businessman, entrepreneur, author and venture capitalist.
Le Port-Marly is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Coming of Age is the debut studio album by American rapper Memphis Bleek.
Alexandre Cuvillier (born 17 June 1986 in Cucq) is a French football midfielder who most recently played for US Boulogne.
Dorsten (German pronunciation: [ˈdɔʁstən]) is a town in the district of Recklinghausen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany and has a population of about 75,000.
""" Living Fossil "" is a science fiction story by American writer L."
Nathan Barrett (born 4 February 1976) is a former Australian politician who represented the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly seat of Blain from 2014 to 2016.
Swobodnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Live in Sherwood Forest '75 is a live album by Gong recorded in 1975, but not released until 2005 by Major League Productions.
Jagannath University (JnU) (Bengali: জগন্নাথ বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় (জবি) ) is a government-financed public university in Sadarghat, Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.
Custodio de señoras (English: Custodian of ladies) is a 1979 Argentine comedy film directed by Hugo Sofovich.
Temptation: Confessions of a Marriage Counselor is a 2013 romance drama film produced, written, and directed by Tyler Perry.
Shigetaka Takashima (高島 重孝, Takashima Shigetaka, June 29, 1907 – January 23, 1985) was a Japanese physicist and medical researcher.
Rendani Airport (IATA: MKW, ICAO: WAUU) is an airport in Manokwari, West Papua, Indonesia.
APBL98 (short for Apoptygma Berzerk Live 1998) is Apoptygma Berzerk's first live album containing live recordings from concerts all across Europe.
"Phil Gascoine (8 June 1934 – August 2007) Holland, Steve. "" was a British comics artist, best known for his work in comics such as Jinty, Bunty, and Battle Action, for which he drew The Sarge."
KOGN (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Ogden, Utah, United States, the station serves the Ogden area.
Francis Mankiewicz (March 15, 1944 in Shanghai, China & ndash; August 14, 1993 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) was a Canadian film director, screenwriter and producer.
Dame Stella Rimington DCB (born 13 May 1935) is a British author and former Director General of MI5, a position she held from 1992 to 1996.
Evarist Pinto (born 31 December 1933 in Goa, Portuguese India) is the former Archbishop of Karachi, Pakistan.
Elton Çeno (born 19 June 1976) is an Albanian retired football player.
Sticky Fingers is a reggae/indie rock band formed in 2008 in Sydney. The band consists of Dylan Frost (lead vocals/guitar), Paddy Cornwall (bass/vocals), Seamus Coyle (lead guitar), Beaker Best (drums/percussion) and Freddy Crabs (keys/synth).
Engram is the fourth studio album by Beherit. It features a return to a straight black metal style.
The Treasure of Pancho Villa is a 1955 American Technicolor Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Rory Calhoun, Shelley Winters, and Gilbert Roland.
Susannah Waters is a British writer and director.
Jamie Linden (born September 3, 1980) is an American screenwriter best known as the writer of 2006 film We Are Marshall and the writer of 2010 film Dear John.
Mirror Mirror is the debut album by Melbourne-based Indie rock band Dardanelles released in September 2007.
Darcina Manuel (born 24 September 1992) is a New Zealand judoka.
Emmanuel Owusu-Bonsu, known by his stage name Wanlov the Kubolor (born September 8, 1980, in Ploiești, Romania) is a Ghanaian-Romanian musician, film director and cultural icon born to an Akan father and a Romanian mother.
Pawon (known locally as Candi Pawon) is a Buddhist temple in Central Java, Indonesia.
"Rao Bahadur ""Dharmapravartha"" Gubbi Thotadappa (Kannada:ರಾವ್ ಬಹದ್ದೂರ್ ಧರ್ಮಪ್ರವರ್ತ ಗುಬ್ಬಿ ತೋಟದಪ್ಪ),(1838-1910)(place:Gubbi), was an Indian businessman and philanthropist."
Comanche County–City Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 & nbsp;mi, 3.7 & nbsp;km) northeast of the central business district of Comanche, a city in Comanche County, Texas, United States.
The War within Us is the second studio album from Onward to Olympas.
Crusader Gold is an archaeological adventure novel by David Gibbins.
Inside Out & Back Again is a verse novel by Thanhha Lai.
.sa is the Latin alphabet Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) of Saudi Arabia.
Yehuda Pen, self-portrait, 1922 Yehuda Pen, also known as Yuri Pen ( – Yudl Pen; 5 June 1854 in Zarasai, Lithuania – 1 March 1937 in Vitebsk, Belarus), was a Lithuanian Jewish painter and art teacher.
Luz Elisa Borja Martínez (15 May 1903 – 10 July 1927) was an Ecuadorian poet, pianist, painter, and sculptor.
Duran Duran is the debut studio album by English new wave band Duran Duran.
John Caspar Dreier (December 27, 1906 – March 10, 1994) was a U.S. diplomat. He served as United States Ambassador to the Organization of American States between 1951 and 1960.
The Wichita Formation is a geologic formation in Texas.
Bukovica Velika (Serbian: Буковица Велика) is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Bogdalec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Já, truchlivý bůh (I, mournful God) is a 1969 black-and-white Czech comedy film directed by Antonín Kachlík.
Comenda is a civil parish in the municipality of Gavião, Portugal. The population in 2011 was 890, in an area of 90.02 km².
Jabuka (Serbian: Јабука) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Gargeyapuram is a village in Kurnool district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Jón Kalman Stefánsson (born 17 December 1963) is an Icelandic author.
Rowan Woods (born 1959) is an Australian film and television director, actor and screenwriter.
Král ulice is a 1935 Czechoslovak romantic drama film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.
Shamim Ara Nipa is a Bangladeshi dancer and choreographer.
Gloria Naylor (January 25, 1950 – September 28, 2016) was an American novelist, known for novels including The Women of Brewster Place (1982), Linden Hills (1985) and Mama Day (1988).
Junio Valerio Borghese was born in Artena, Province of Rome, Kingdom of Italy.
Alonzo A. Crim Open Campus High School (COCHS) is a public high school in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
The North American Open 2011 is the men's edition of the 2011 North American Open, which is a PSA World Series event Gold (Prize money: $115,000).
Bin Roye (English: Without Crying) is a 2015 Pakistani romantic drama film directed by Momina Duraid and Shahzad Kashmiri.
The British Grand Prix 2012 is the 2012's British Grand Prix (squash), which is a tournament of the PSA World Tour event International (Prize money : 70 000 $).
Dirty Gold is the debut studio album by American rapper Angel Haze.
Machine Dreams is the second studio album by Swedish electronic music band Little Dragon.
Nashville Outlaws: A Tribute to Mötley Crüe is a 2014 studio album released via Big Machine Records.
The Virgin Years – Souvenir Box is a three-CD limited edition box set by English avant-rock group Henry Cow.
Niall Stokes (born 1951 in Dublin) is a music journalist who has served as editor of the long-running fortnightly Ireland music and political magazine Hot Press based in Dublin.
Sheryl Lee Ralph (born December 30, 1956) is an American actress, singer, author, and activist.
Douglas Gerrard (12 August 1891 & ndash; 5 June 1950) was an Irish-American actor and film director of the silent and early sound era.
Agnes Ellen Harris (July 17, 1883 – December 18, 1952) was an American educator.
KPRL (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News/Talk format. Licensed to Paso Robles, California, United States.
Ahmad Akash Walbi (Arabic: أحمد عكاش والبي) is a football player, who plays as a left back in Saudi Arabia.
The University of Fiji is a university based in Saweni, Lautoka, Fiji.
Mary Woronov (born December 8, 1943) is an American actress, published author and figurative painter.
Leonardo Benvenuti (8 September 1923 – 3 November 2000) also called Leo, was an Italian screenwriter.
The Best of Harem Scarem is the first greatest hit compilation album the Canadian rock band Harem Scarem.
Olszewo-Grzymki [ɔlˈʂɛvɔ ˈɡʐɨmki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Jens Tang Olesen (born 27 September 1947) is a Danish football manager. He was most recently in charge of the Greenland national football team He has previously managed Viborg FF, Randers Freja, FC Aarhus and Vejle Boldklub.
Harbo is a locality situated in Heby Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden with 721 inhabitants in 2010.
Keshoraipatan is a city located in the state of Rajasthan, India.
Kokhono Megh Kokhono Brishti (Bengali: কখনো মেঘ কখনো বৃষ্টি) is a 2003 Bangladeshi film directed by actress Moushumi.
Love on the Dole is a novel by Walter Greenwood, about working class poverty in 1930s Northern England.
Moorunde Wildlife Reserve is a private protected area located in South Australia near the Murray River, between Blanchetown and Swan Reach.
All of Me is a compilation album by Canadian artist Anne Murray.
Coulogne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Antonin-Strugi [anˈtɔnin ˈstruɡi] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Barry Ryan (born 28 August 1978, in Ennis) is a retired Irish football goalkeeper who last played for Limerick in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
Circleville High School is a public high school in Circleville, Ohio, United States.
Isfjorden is a village in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Oreo O's is a breakfast cereal that consists of Oreo-flavored O-shaped pieces of cereal.
Ioan Slavici National College (Romanian: Colegiul Naţional Ioan Slavici) is a public day high school for students aged 10 to 18, established in 1812, and located in Satu Mare, Romania.
Zaynab bint Jahsh (Arabic: زينب بنت جحش‎; c. 590–641) was a first cousin and wife of Muhammad and therefore considered by Muslims to be a Mother of the Believers.
The Hugh Miller Cliffs Formation is a geologic formation in Quebec.
The Big Honey Hunt is a children's book by Stan and Jan Berenstain, the first in the long-running Berenstain Bears series.
Liliane Ackermann was born on September 3, 1938, in Strasbourg, France, the daughter of Lucien Weil and Béatrice Haas.
Antonio Guzmán Cornejo (died 1642) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Tui (1640–1642).
Točník is a village and municipality in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
"""The Last of the Masters"" (also known as ""Protection Agency"") is a science fiction novelette by American writer Philip K. Dick."
"Dundon was born in Columbus, Ohio. Gus Dundon Minor League Statistics & History "" ."
Choi Han-bit () is a South Korean model, actress and singer.
Manunggal Air Services was an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Iurie Darie (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈjuri.e ˈdari.e]; 14 March 1929 – 9 November 2012) was a Romanian actor. He was born in Vadul-Raşcov, Soroca County, Kingdom of Romania.
Randy Thorsteinson (born November 8, 1956) is a politician and businessman in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada. Thorsteinson was born in Gimli, Manitoba and spent his youth living in Winnipeg, Manitoba; Edmonton, Alberta; Calgary, Alberta; and Grande Prairie, Alberta.
Mohammadshahr (; also known as Mohammadabad (Persian: محمّد آباد), also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a city in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.
Wrzosowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam (transl. The Association of Carefree Youths), also known by the acronym VVS, is a 2013 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by Ponram, in his directorial debut.
Engines of Creation: The Coming Era of Nanotechnology is a 1986 molecular nanotechnology book written by K.
The Old Barn is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Mack Sennett.
Mirosław Sznaucner (born 9 May 1979 in Będzin) is a Polish professional footballer who last played as a defender for Veria F.C. in the Greek Superleague.
The Hollars is a 2016 American comedy-drama film directed by John Krasinski and written by James C. Strouse.
Lim Sung-bin (; born September 12, 1987), better known by the stage name Beenzino (Hangul: 빈지노), is a South Korean rapper currently signed under Illionaire Records.
Frank Edward Clarke (1849 – 1 July 1899) was a New Zealand ichthyologist and scientific illustrator.
Dennis Vitolo (born December 18, 1956) is an American former race driver who competed in the CART series.
The Asian Rugby League Federation (ARLF) is a rugby league organisation founded in 2011. It comprises Japan, China, Indonesia, Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, India and Thailand.
But I'm a Cheerleader is a 1999 American satirical romantic comedy film directed by Jamie Babbit and written by Brian Wayne Peterson.
Lemgo (German pronunciation: [ˈlɛmɡoː]) is a small university town in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, 25km east of Bielefeld and 70 km west of Hannover.
Freeway 1 is a freeway in northern Iran, connecting two cities of Qazvin and Rasht within Gilan Province.
Gryphon are an English progressive and medieval folk rock band formed in London in 1973.
Alejandro Vigil González (born 11 February 1993) is a Spanish male volleyball player. He is part of the Spain men's national volleyball team.
Lou Bennett is an Indigenous Australian musician, actor and academic researching Aboriginal languages and their retrieval.
Sándor Pécsi (18 March 1922 – 4 November 1972) was a Hungarian actor born in Sajószentpéter, Hungary.
Usselo ['ʏsəloː] is a Dutch village in the municipality of Enschede in the eastern Netherlands region of Twente.
Take That are an English pop group formed in Manchester in 1989. The group currently consists of Gary Barlow, Howard Donald and Mark Owen.
Do Bidu (, also Romanized as Do Bīdū) is a village in Dashtab Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Autobiography of Mosiah Hancock (1834-1907) As one of the early children of Levi W. Hancock, a prominent early member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints Manuscript History of the Church, LDS Church Archives, book A-1, p. 37; reproduced in Dean C. Jessee (comp.).
Jane K. Cleland is a contemporary American author of mystery fiction.
Haft Tappeh (Persian: هفت تپه‎) is a village in Jayezan Rural District, Jayezan District, Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 382, in 78 families.
A People's History of American Empire is a 2008 graphic history by Howard Zinn, Mike Konopacki, and Paul Buhle.
Kalicharan is a 1976 Indian action drama film directed by Subhash Ghai, starring Shatrughan Sinha, Reena Roy, Ajit Khan, Danny Denzongpa, Madan Puri and Premnath.
Holbeach Hurn is a small fenland village in the civil parish of Holbeach in the South Holland district of southern Lincolnshire, England.
Kimsooja (Korean: 김수자; born 1957) is a South Korean, multi-disciplinary conceptual artist based in New York, Paris, and Seoul.
Prem Granth (transl. Directed by Rajiv Kapoor, the movie stars Rishi Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit and deals with the subject of rape.
De beste, 1986–2006 is a 2006 Greatest Hits album by Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø released in Scandinavia.
Oskar Marion (2 April 1896 – March 1986) was an Austrian film actor.
Marine Fighter Attack Squadron 251 (VMFA-251) is a United States Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornet squadron.
Eaton Nunatak () is a prominent nunatak marking the southeastern extremity of the Merrick Mountains, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Marina Sergeyevna Abrosimova (Russian: Марина Сергеевна Абросимова; born 10 June 1983), better known under her stage name MakSim (Russian: МакSим; earlier – Maxi-M) is a Russian singer, songwriter and a music producer.
Primer is a 2004 American science fiction film about the accidental discovery of time travel. The film was written, directed, produced, edited and scored by Shane Carruth, who also stars with David Sullivan.
The Trail of the Hawk: A Comedy of the Seriousness of Life is a 1915 novel by Sinclair Lewis.
Ron Reynolds (born 1973) is an American lawyer and politician who is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives representing state District 27.
Oil on Ice is a 2004 documentary film directed by Bo Boudart and Dale Djerassi.
Ram Revilla (February 12, 1988 – October 29, 2011), born Ramgen Jose Magsaysay Bautista and also known as Ramgen Revilla, was a Filipino actor best known for his roles in various Filipino television series including his role as Jeff Gatdula in Tonyong Bayawak.
Robat-e Gugadi (Persian: رباط گوگدي‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Gūgadī) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.
The Wolf is the third studio album by American country music artist Shooter Jennings, released in 2007 on the Universal South Records label.
Sandara Park (Korean: 박산다라; born November 12, 1984), also known by her stage name Dara (Korean: 다라), is a South Korean singer, actress and television presenter.
Iyabo Obasanjo-Bello (born 27 April 1967) in Lagos Nigeria, is the daughter of former Nigerian President Mr Olusegun Obasanjo and his wife Oluremi Obasanjo.
The 73d Special Operations Squadron is a unit of the United States Air Force, assigned to the 1st Special Operations Wing at Hurlburt Field, Florida. The squadron operates the AC-130J Ghostrider ground-attack aircraft in support of Air Force Special Operations Command.
While I'm Dead Feed the Dog is a comedic novel written by Ric Browde, published by Harper Collins in 2000.
Myślibory [mɨɕliˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Washington County Airport is a county-owned, public-use airport in Washington County, Missouri, United States.
The Church of Saint Francis of Assisi (Igreja de Sao Francisco de Assis, commonly known as the Igreja da Pampulha) is a chapel in Pampulha region of Belo Horizonte, in the state of Minas Gerais, southeastern Brazil.
Kudumbakodathi () is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Viji Thampy and produced by V. S. Suresh.
The 2013 Camping World RV Sales 301 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on July 14, 2013, at New Hampshire Motor Speedway in Loudon, New Hampshire, United States.
Sir Padampat Singhania University (SPSU) is a private, residential university located in Udaipur, India.
Three Steps on Earth () is a 1965 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Hoffman and Edward Skórzewski.
Blake is a 1969 Canadian short documentary film produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). The film was directed by Bill Mason about his friend and fellow filmmaker Blake James, who pilots his own aircraft and lives by a unique code.
Regeneration is a 1997 British film, an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Pat Barker. The film is directed by Gillies MacKinnon.
"""A Little Bit of You"" is a song written by Trey Bruce and Craig Wiseman, and recorded by American country music singer Lee Roy Parnell."
Deepak Puri is the founder, Chairman and Managing Director of Moser Baer, which was liquidated in 2018 due to insolvency.
Judah Dana (April 25, 1772 – December 27, 1845) was an American lawyer, judge and politician. He served as a United States Senator from Maine and as Judge of the Maine Court of Common Pleas during the early 1800s.
Hubert Edward Hassard Short (15 October 1877 – 9 October 1956), usually known as Hassard Short, was an actor, stage director, set designer and lighting designer in musical theatre who directed over 50 Broadway and West End shows between 1920 and 1953.
Tredannick is a hamlet in the parish of Egloshayle, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Thagadooru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Miljkovac is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A Roman Scandal is a 1919 American short silent comedy film starring Colleen Moore, and directed by Al Christie.
Provo High School is a public secondary school located in Provo, Utah, United States.
AB4 was a Belgian broadcast television station owned and operated by BTV, a subsidiary of AB Groupe. It targeted the French community in Belgium.
Agnes of the Palatinate (1201–1267) was a daughter of Henry V, Count Palatine of the Rhine and his first wife Agnes of Hohenstaufen, daughter of Conrad, Count Palatine of the Rhine.
Szwadron is a Polish historical film directed by Juliusz Machulski.
Love in Thoughts (German: Was nützt die Liebe in Gedanken) is a German film directed by Achim von Borries.
Luis Omar Hernández Hernández (born November 8, 1985) in Guadalajara, Jalisco is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays for Deportivo Chiantla as defender.
Eugene C. Eppley (April 8, 1884 – October 14, 1958) also known as Gene, was a hotel magnate in Omaha, Nebraska.
Execution is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Domenico Paolella.
Whispers in the Night: Stories of the Mysterious & Macabre is a collection of horror, suspense and science fiction short stories by author Basil Copper.
Roger Toziny (24 December 1883 – 3 March 1939) was a 20th-century French chansonnier, lyricist and actor.
Kim Hyo-suk (Hangul: 김효숙; born 11 September 1981), better known by her stage name Cha Hong (Hangul: 차홍), is a South Korean celebrity hairdresser, and is the owner and founder of the Chahong Ardor beauty salon chain in South Korea.
The Best of Muddy Waters is a greatest hits album by Muddy Waters released by Chess Records in April 1958.
Setropie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Florencecourt is a small village in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.
Francisco Garmendia (November 6, 1924 – November 16, 2005) was a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States .
Al bar dello sport (At the Bar Sport) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Massaro.
Aleksandar Nađfeji (Serbian: Александар Нађфеји; born October 27, 1976) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player and current coach.
Mönthal is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Ancillary Sword is a science fiction novel by the American writer Ann Leckie, published in October 2014.
McFarlane Toys, a subsidiary of Todd McFarlane Productions, is a company founded by comics creator Todd McFarlane which makes highly detailed model figurines of characters from movies, comics, popular music, video games and various sporting genres.
The Sons of Mesopotamia, also known as Abnaa Al-Nahrain and Bnay Nahrain (, ), is an ethnic Assyrian political party based in northern Iraq.
The Book of Proper Names (French: Robert des noms propres) is a Belgian novel by Amélie Nothomb.
Sadarame () is a 1935 Indian Kannada language mythological drama film directed by Raja Chandrashekar and produced by Gubbi Veeranna, both making their film debuts.
Roger Francis Crispian Hollis (born 17 November 1936, in Bristol) is the Bishop Emeritus of Portsmouth for the Roman Catholic Church. Crispian Hollis' parents were Christopher Hollis (1902–1977), the author and parliamentarian, and Madeleine Hollis (née King).
In Search of Sunrise 9: India is a compilation album by Dutch trance producer Richard Durand.
My Heart to Fear was an American metal band from Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The band started making music in 2008, with members, lead vocalist, Trevor Pool, lead guitarist, Dale Upright, rhythm guitarist, Brandon Vartenisian, bass guitarist, Taylor Pool, and drummer,Luke Brady.
X-League Indoor Football (X-League) was a professional indoor football league that began play in 2014. The league was co-chaired by Michael Mink and Kacee Smith.
Waldolwisheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Harry Baweja (born 1956) is an Indian film director based in Mumbai and hails from Ludhiana, Punjab, India.
KICY is a commercial radio station airing Southern Gospel music and other Christian religious programming in Nome, Alaska, broadcasting on 850 kHz AM.
"Champion Versions is the debut EP by The Beta Band, originally released in 1997 on 12 "" vinyl only."
Hats Off (1936) is an American film directed by Boris Petroff, and originally released by Grand National Pictures.
Syed Mahmood Naqvi (28 August 1941—4 September 2009) was an Indian Earth scientist specialising in geochemistry at the National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) in Hyderabad.
Carmiooro NGC (UCI team code: CMO) was a professional cycling team, whose license was held in Great Britain. It was founded in 2008 by Lorenzo Di Silvestro who was the Team Manager and Natale Bellotti, the team's President.
Soundway Records is a British, London-based independent record label, founded and run by English DJ and music producer Miles Cleret.
"The Naked Kitchen (Korean: 키친; RR: Kichin; lit. ""Kitchen"") is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Hong Ji-young."
Stirling Burghs was a district of burghs constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1708 to 1918.
Sofie Gråbøl (Danish pronunciation: [soˈfiˀə ˈkʁʌpøl]; born 30 July 1968) is a Danish actress.
All India Institute of Hygiene and Public Health (AIIH&PH), is a pioneering Indian institute for research and training in public health and allied sciences in Kolkata.
Diamond Trail is a 1933 American Pre-Code film directed by Harry L. Fraser.
Nadine Hani (Arabic: نادين هاني‎), is a Lebanese Senior Business News presenter on Al Arabiya News Channel, she is also a journalist on An-Nahar newspaper؛ she is writing a weekly article on it.
Axel Kárason (born February 11, 1983) is an Icelandic basketball player, who plays for Tindastóll in the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild karla, and a former member of the Icelandic national team, where he participated at the EuroBasket 2015.
Shakopee High School is a four-year public high school as of fall 2018 located in Shakopee, Minnesota, United States.
The Portuguese Cross Country Championships () is an annual cross country running competition that serves as Portugal's national championship for the sport.
John Derek (born Derek Delevan Harris; August 12, 1926 – May 22, 1998) was an American actor, director, and photographer.
Goran Perkovac (born 16 September 1962) is a Croatian handball coach and former player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia and Croatia respectively.
In 2004, The Kennel Club in the United Kingdom conducted a breed health survey which found the average life expectancy of Italian Spinone to be 8.7 years.
The Helen Morgan Story, released in the UK as Both Ends of the Candle, is a 1957 American biographical film directed by Michael Curtiz starring Ann Blyth and Paul Newman.
Dark Shadows (later referred to as Dark Shadows: The Revival) is an American prime time gothic soap opera television series which aired on NBC from January 13 to March 22, 1991.
The Highlands Formation is a geologic formation in Antigua and Barbuda.
All About My Mother (Spanish: Todo sobre mi madre) is a 1999 Spanish drama film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar, and starring Cecilia Roth, Marisa Paredes, Antonia San Juan, Penélope Cruz and Candela Peña.
Viktória Egri (born 18 January 1998) is a Hungarian shooter.
Family Life (US: Wednesday's Child) is a 1971 British drama film directed by Ken Loach from a screenplay by David Mercer.
Belfort Chaux Airport (, ) is a small aerodrome in Chaux, a commune in the Territoire de Belfort department in Franche-Comté in north eastern France.
Pictures of Hollis Woods is a film that debuted on CBS as a Hallmark Hall of Fame film on December 2, 2007. The film is directed by Tony Bill and is based on the Newbery Honor winning novel of the same name by Patricia Reilly Giff.
Kurt & Courtney is a 1998 British documentary film directed, written, narrated and produced by Nick Broomfield investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of Kurt Cobain, and allegations of Courtney Love's involvement in it.
New Delhi (Hindi: न्यू डेल्ही) is a 1956 Indian Hindi-language Black-and-white romantic comedy film written by Radhakishen with Inder Raj Anand and directed by Mohan Segal.
German post card showing the fortifications of Paris The Fort de Nogent or Fort de Nogent-sur-Marne is a French fortification forming part of the fortifications of Paris.
Roger Leland Wollman (born May 29, 1934) is a Senior United States Circuit Judge and former Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Stefka Petrova (Bulgarian: Стефка Петрова), (b.
The Rotted were an English death metal/d-beat band formed in England in early 2008.
Acton-Boxborough Regional High School (ABRHS) is an open enrollment public high school in Acton, Massachusetts, United States.
KCFD (88.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Crawford, Nebraska, United States.
Alem Toskić (Serbian Cyrillic: Алем Тоскић; born 12 February 1982) is a Serbian former handball player and current coach of Hungarian club Csurgói KK.
Son, I Loved You at Your Darkest is the first full-length studio album released in June 2005 by As Cities Burn.
Faith in Space is the sixth album by the singer/songwriter Lida Husik, released on September 22, 1998 through Alias Records.
Carles Benavent (born 1 March 1954) is a flamenco and jazz bassist. Benavent was born in the Poble Sec neighborhood in Barcelona.
The Calcaire marneux inferieurs is a geologic formation in France.
Nosratabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان نصرت‌آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nosratabad District, Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
Olga Stringfellow was a New Zealand journalist and author of romantic and historical fiction.
Pam Ann is the air hostess alter-ego of Australian comedian, writer, producer & DJ Caroline Reid.
Boljkovac is a village in the municipality of Gornji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Geechee Recollections is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Marion Brown recorded in 1973 and released on the Impulse!.
Randy Holden (born July 2, 1945) is an American guitarist best known for his involvement with the West Coast acid rock group Blue Cheer on their third album, New!.
Gornje Mrzlo Polje Mrežničko is a village in Croatia.
Jandek is the musical project of Corwood Industries, a record label operating out of Houston, Texas.
Martin Guzik (born 7 April 1974) is a retired Czech football midfielder. He played in the Gambrinus liga for SK České Budějovice and SK Sigma Olomouc.
The Zazarack cocktail, later spelled Zazarac, is an American cocktail which may be related to the Sazerac, although it might have originated completely independent of the more famous drink.
Henri Barabant (9 November 1874, Vougeot - 11 September 1951) was a French politician.
As Director of ASVEL Basketball Operations: Nicolas Batum (/bæˈtuːm/; born December 14, 1988) is a French professional basketball player for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Ernest Robert Clark (born August 11, 1937) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for six seasons for the Detroit Lions and the St. Louis Cardinals. Ernie Clark, known as EC burst on the scene at Michigan State University in 1959.
The 2000 World Karate Championships are the 15th edition of the World Karate Championships, and were held in Munich, Germany from October 12 to October 15, 2000.
John Olsen (12 August 1888 – 9 December 1959) was a Danish film producer, screenwriter and theater owner.
El Trabuco Venezolano Vol. IV is a studio vinyl LP by Venezuelan musician Alberto Naranjo, originally released in 1984 and partially reedited in two CDs titled El Trabuco Venezolano 1977 - 1984' Vol.
XHLH-FM is a radio station on 98.1 FM in Acaponeta, Nayarit.
Pass the Dust, I Think I'm Bowie is the sole studio album by Black Randy and the Metrosquad, released in 1979 by record label Dangerhouse.
Drążewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Jan van Eijden (born 10 August 1976 in Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German track cyclist born in Bad Neuenahr.
Tsūkai! OL Dōri (痛快!OL通り) is a Japanese television drama series that aired on TBS in 1986.
GoldSrc is a game engine developed by Valve, first showcased in the 1998 first-person shooter game Half-Life.
Detroit native, Nick Perry attended Mackenzie High School for most of his prep career; when Mackenzie was shuttered in 2007, Perry transferred to Martin Luther King High School for his senior season.
The North Bend Rail Trail is a 72-mile (116 km) rail trail in north-central and western West Virginia in the United States.
Istok, sever, jug i zapad (English: East, North, South and West) is the fifteenth studio album by Bosnian Serb folk singer Indira Radić, released in 2011.
Leslie Goodwins (17 September 1899 & ndash; 8 January 1969) was an English film director and screenwriter.
Intermezzo is the seventh studio album by American progressive metal musician Michael Angelo Batio.
Habibabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Ḩabībābād-e Soflá) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
KJUD, virtual channel 8 (VHF digital channel 11), is an ABC/CW+/Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Juneau, Alaska, United States.
Haswandi, SH, MHum (born 2 April 1961) has been an Indonesian judge, Vice President of the Court of West Jakarta and is now the Chairman of the South Jakarta District Court.
""" Sunrise "" is the lead single of Norah Jones' multi-platinum album Feels like Home."
Santa Anna High School is a public high school located in Santa Anna, Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL.
CPR is the first studio album recorded by Crosby, Pevar and Raymond (CPR).
Paul Swift (August 18, 1934 – October 7, 1994) was an American film actor.
Aaspere is a village in Haljala Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.
José de Bustamante y Guerra (1 April 1759 in Corvera de Toranzo, Cantabria´, Spain – 10 March 1825 in Madrid, Spain), sometimes referred to simply as Bustamante, was a Spanish naval officer, explorer, and politician.
Glory Under Dangerous Skies, originally titled Moist IV, is a 2014 studio album released by the Canadian alternative rock band Moist on October 7, 2014 through Universal Music Canada.
Ryo Ryusei (竜星 涼, Ryūsei Ryō, born March 24, 1993 in Tokyo) is a Japanese actor.
Ken Narita (成田 剣, Narita Ken, born May 18, 1964) is a Japanese actor, voice actor and narrator.
Road 93 is a road in south-west Iran connecting Chabahar to Nikshahr, Iranshahr and Kerman-Zahedan Road near Bam.
East Selino (Greek: Ανατολικό Σέλινο) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.
"John Carver Meadows Frost known as ""Jack"" (1915 in Walton-on-Thames, England – 9 October 1979 in Auckland, New Zealand) was a British aircraft designer."
Cameron McCasland (born August 24, 1981 in Dallas, Texas, US) is an American filmmaker.
Emilio Osorio Marcos is a Mexican actor and singer, son of Mexican producer Juan Osorio and Cuban-Mexican actress Niurka Marcos.
Antonie Hegerlíková (27 November 1923 – 11 December 2012) was a Czech actress, whose career in film, television and theater endured for more than seventy years.
Climb Up the Wall is a 1960 British comedy and musical film directed by Michael Winner and starring Jack Jackson, Glen Mason and Russ Conway.
Giuseppe Ferrara (15 July 1932 & ndash; 25 June 2016) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.
KEOE-LP (101.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Lufkin, Texas, United States.
Ten Rapid (Collected Recordings 1996–1997) is a compilation album by Scottish post-rock group Mogwai, released in various countries in 1997.
"CJOC-FM (94.1 FM, ""94.1 Juice FM"") is a radio station in Lethbridge, Alberta."
"""Imperial"" was the second story arc from Grant Morrison's run on the Marvel Comics title New X-Men, running from issues #118-126."
Asuravithu is a 1968 Malayalam film directed by A. Vincent, starring Prem Nazir and Sharada in the lead roles.
Zorlaci (Serbian Cyrillic: Зорлаци) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Bust of Camilla Barbadoni is a marble sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
Bruno Schiavi (born 10 July 1972) is an Australian fashion designer and businessman.
Forgiven, Not Forgotten is the debut studio album by Irish pop rock group The Corrs.
Cham-e Nar (, also Romanized as Cham-e Nār and Cham Nār) is a village in Saman Rural District, Saman County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
The South Gippsland Highway is a partially divided highway in Victoria, Australia which connects the city of Melbourne with the South Gippsland region of Victoria, ending in the town of Sale.
"""I Know (You Don't Love Me No More)"" is an R&B song written and recorded by American R&B singer Barbara George, released as her debut single in 1961."
Tim Couzens (1944–2016) was a South African literary and social historian, and travel writer.
Sporting Gun is a weekly clay shooting and game shooting magazine published by TI Media in London.
Sisyphus (formerly S / S / S) is a collaborative project between Serengeti, Ryan Lott (under the moniker Son Lux) and Sufjan Stevens.
Silent Bloodnight is a 2006 horror film written, directed and produced by Stefan Peczelt and Elmar Weihsmann.
WRSC is a news/talk radio station broadcasting in State College, Pennsylvania operating at 1390 kHz on the AM band with a power of 2,000 watts daytime, and 1,000 watts nighttime.
{{Infobox settlement |name = Güer Aike |settlement_type = Department |image_map = Departamento Güer Aike (Santa Cruz - Argentina).png |mapsize = |map_caption = Location of Güer Aike Department in Santa Cruz Province.
Berthold von Oberg, O.P. (died 1494) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Mainz (1468–1489).
Fadak Satellite Channel (Arabic: قناة فدك الفضائية) is a Shia Muslim channel that was founded by a group of Shia Muslims in the United Kingdom with the purpose of conveying Shia Islam to mainly the Arab and Muslim world.
Kill Your Idols is a documentary film about three decades of art punk bands in New York City, directed and produced by Scott Crary and executive produced by Dan Braun and Josh Braun.
Kandeh Sorkh (Persian: كنده سرخ‎) is a village in Satar Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Love Shines is the 29th studio album & 7th gospel album by American singer B. J. Thomas, released in 1983.
Manapanthal () is 1961 Indian Tamil-language romance film, directed by V.
Vilémovice (German: Wilimowitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Sensuality – The Remix Album is the first compilation album, third album overall, by German eurodance/trance project S.E.X.
Monika Lee (born on December 7, 1992) is an American cosplayer.
Brandhorst is a village and a former municipality in the district of Wittenberg, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Wright Robinson College is a mixed 11–16 secondary school in Abbey Hey, Gorton, Manchester, England.
Kalaigaon is a town and Legislative Assembly Constituency in north-eastern India.
Ocoyoacac is a town and municipality in the State of Mexico in Mexico.
Coordinates: 52°7′17.15″N 4°59′10.85″E﻿ / ﻿52.1214306°N 4.9863472°E﻿ / 52.1214306; 4.9863472 De Haar Castle (Dutch: Kasteel de Haar) is located in Utrecht, Netherlands. The oldest historical record of a building at the location of the current castle dates to 1391.
Born in Philadelphia in 1704, Allen was the son of William Allen, Sr.
Matea Pletikosić (born 24 April 1998) is a Croatian-born Montenegrin handball player who plays for ŽRK Budućnost.
""" Wake Up Lovin' You "" is a song written by Josh Osborne, Matthew Ramsey and Trevor Rosen, and sung by American country music singer Craig Morgan."
Manchester was a Parliamentary borough constituency in the county of Lancashire which was represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Cook's Country is an American half-hour television cooking show on the PBS channel.
The Dease Plateau is a subregion of the larger Yukon Plateau, and is located in far northern British Columbia, Canada, northwest from the Deadwood River to and beyond the Yukon-British Columbia boundary.
NCYU library in Lantan Main Campus National Chiayi University (NCYU; ) is a public university located in Chiayi City and Chiayi County, Taiwan.
Sominki is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Studzienice, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
4.50 from Paddington is a detective fiction novel by Agatha Christie, first published in November 1957 by Collins Crime Club.
Elvis is a live album by American rock and roll singer Elvis Presley, released by RCA Records in December 1968.
Yaroslav Kvasov (; born 5 March 1992) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Telavi. Kvasov is a product of the FC Olimpik Donetsk School System.
Zamboundi is a village in the Bissiga Department of Boulgou Province in southeastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 216.
Balawad is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Broos (Frail) is a 1997 Dutch film directed by Mijke de Jong.
The son of Col Francis Clifford Edward Bye, Ed Bye attended Mount House School in the late 1960s, where he was known as a swimmer. He is married to Ruby Wax and has three children.
Gina St. John is an American actress and entertainment reporter.
Evelyn The Racketeer: Evelyn Fannin Press Photo (1949) Geni: Evelyn Eustace Fannin Eustace Fannin (28 June 1915 – 25 November 1997) was a South African tennis player.
Candido Portinari (December 29, 1903 – February 6, 1962) was a Brazilian painter.
Giovanni Coda (born 19 January 1964) is an Italian film director and photographer.
Marcia Pointon is a historian of British art. She trained at the University of Manchester, receiving her PhD there in 1974.
Ruskington is a large village and civil parish in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England, located on the north-south B1188 road and slightly north of the A153 road.
Lucien-Victor Guirand de Scévola (14 November 1871 in Sète, France & ndash; 29 March 1950 in Paris) was a French painter.
Jo Whittemore (born 1977) is an American author of books for children and teens, ranging from fantasy to humorous contemporary.
Zhao Yongfu (simplified Chinese: 赵永甫; traditional Chinese: 趙永甫; pinyin: Zhào Yǒngfǔ) is a rear admiral (shao jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.
Louis Ichard (2 January 1901 – 1986) was a French long-distance runner.
Walter Allan Evans (29 September 1897 – 15 January 1955) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Western Australia and Australian rules football for Perth in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).
Fojnica is a town and municipality located in Central Bosnia Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Mizoram College of Nursing is a nursing college run by Civil Hospital, Aizawl under the Health & Family Welfare Department, Mizoram, India.
Steven Knight (born 1959) is an English screenwriter and film director.
My Disillusionment in Russia is a book by Emma Goldman, published in 1923 by Doubleday, Page & Co.
""" What Kind of Love "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Rodney Crowell."
Landmark Group is a multinational conglomerate based in Dubai, UAE headed by Micky Jagtiani, who is the Founder & Chairman of the company.
Marc Daniels (January 27, 1912 – April 23, 1989), born Danny Marcus, was an American television director.
Devourment is an American death metal band from Dallas, Texas. Formed in 1995, the band has split up and reformed three times leaving Brad Fincher as the only original member.
Affair in Reno is a 1957 American comedic crime adventure film directed by R.
Johnny Western (born October 28, 1934) is an American country singer-songwriter, musician, actor, and radio show host.
Jonathan Edwards (born December 25, 1944), known as John Edwards, John Edwards, Soulwalking.co.uk. Retrieved 14 October 2016 is an American soul singer who had a moderately successful solo career before becoming lead singer of The Spinners between 1977 and 2000.
The Bridport Dagger are an English four-piece band from London, England. The band's line-up consists of Jason Idnani-Powdrill (lead vocals, guitar), Lawrence Rice (guitar, vocals) and Arran Goodchild (drums, vocals), Chaz Foster (Bass).
Stomp Off is an American jazz record company and label.
Michael Jackson was godfather to Gibb's son, Michael.
Frédéric Hélein (born 22 April 1963) is a French mathematician.
The Magic Flute (Swedish: Trollflöjten) is Ingmar Bergman's 1975 film version of Mozart's opera Die Zauberflöte.
Pancham is an Indian TV series aired on Zee TV channel, based on the life of a young teenage boy, Harpaul Rana, who wants to set the 'world' right without 'preaching'.
Coordinates: 30°54′10″N 94°00′24″W﻿ / ﻿30.9028°N 94.0066°W﻿ / 30.9028; -94.0066 Jasper High School is a public high school located in Jasper, Texas, classified as a 4A school by the University Interscholastic League.
Grabonóg is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Saranovići (Cyrillic: Сарановићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"Taung Pyinthe (Burmese: တောင်ပြင်သည်, pronounced [tàʊɴ bjìɴ ðɛ̀]; lit. ""Queen of the Southern Palace"") was the Chief queen consort of kings Saw Rahan II and Kunhsaw Kyaunghpyu of the Pagan Dynasty of Myanmar."
Apokal is a 1971 West German drama film directed by Paul Anczykowski.
Vander Sacramento Vieira (born 2 March 1988 in Rio de Janeiro), or simply Vander, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Emirati club Ajman as a winger.
Philippe Lafontaine (born 24 May 1955) is a Belgian singer and composer. Lafontaine was born in Gosselies, Belgium.
Ready for Anything () is a 1977 Italian romance film written and directed by Giorgio Stegani and starring Eleonora Giorgi and Bekim Fehmiu.
The Institute of Swimming is a swimming educational organisation based in Loughborough, Leicestershire.
Deh Now-ye Gelal (, also Romanized as Deh Now-ye Gelāl) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
The Little Door Into the World is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by George Dewhurst and starring Lawford Davidson, Nancy Beard and Olaf Hytten.
Jean-Louis Christ (born 24 January 1951 in Ribeauvillé) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
Matt Dababneh is an American politician who served in the California State Assembly.
R.O.C.K. is a 1986 hard rock/heavy metal album by Kirka.
Cyril Lemoine (born 3 March 1983 in Tours) is a French professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Cofidis.
Henderson Glacier is a glacier approximately long in the Enterprise Hills of the Heritage Range, Antarctica.
Samba-Mbondoni is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 911.
The Canon EOS 100D, known as the EOS Rebel SL1 in the Americas and EOS Kiss X7 in Japan, is an 18.0-megapixel digital single-lens reflex camera announced by Canon on 21 March 2013.
Stadtoldendorf is a town in the center of the Holzminden district, Lower Saxony, Germany.
Porco Rosso (Japanese: 紅の豚, Hepburn: Kurenai no Buta, lit. Crimson Pig) is a 1992 Japanese animated comedy-adventure film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki.
Crow Lake is a 2002 first novel written by Canadian author Mary Lawson.
Von Franco (born May 29, 1952) is a self-taught American artist associated with the Lowbrow art movement and Kustom Kulture.
Juan Bautista H. Alegre III (born June 4, 1955), known professionally as Johnny Alegre, is a jazz guitarist and composer from Manila, Philippines. He leads the jazz group Johnny Alegre Affinity and the world music group Humanfolk.
Dr Csaba Őry (born 12 May 1952, in Budapest) is a Hungarian politician and Member of the European Parliament (MEP) with the Fidesz, part of the European People's Party.
Cullera (Valencian pronunciation: [kuˈʎeɾa]) is a city and municipality of Spain located in the Valencian Community.
Malaiyoor Mambattiyan (literally, Man with shovel from Malaiyoor) is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian vigilante film directed by Rajasekhar, starring Thiagarajan, Saritha and Silk Smita.
Heritage College Sydney is a Christadelphian school located in Kemps Creek, New South Wales, Australia.
Carlyle Carlos dos Santos Junior, or simply Carlyle (born September 26, 1991 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder.
D2 motorway (Czech: Dálnice D2) is a highway in the Czech Republic. It runs from the City of Brno to the border with Slovakia at the Morava river near Lanžhot, from where the Slovak diaľnica D2 leads to Bratislava.
Tamara Csipes (born 24 August 1989) is a Hungarian sprint kayaker who has competed since the late 2000s.
Connie in the Country is the seventh studio album recorded by American country artist, Connie Smith.
America – South Africa is a 1991 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago and the Amabutho Male Chorus released on the Japanese DIW label in association with Columbia Records.
Kim Jin-sil (; born 1 October 1994) is a South Korean handball player who plays for the club Busan Infrastructure.
Mary Jane Marcasiano (born September 23, 1955) is an American fashion and costume designer, film producer, and social entrepreneur.
Caravan Palace is the debut studio album by the electro swing group Caravan Palace, released on 20 October 2008.
Vidaaya (; Farewell) is a 2015 Indian Kannada film written and directed by P.
Kållekärr is a locality situated in Tjörn Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 560 inhabitants in 2010.
The River Stort is a river in Essex and Hertfordshire, England. It is 24 miles (38 km) long and flows from just south of the village of Langley to the River Lea at Hoddesdon.
Mutyala Muggu (transl. A kolam of pearls) is a 1975 Indian Telugu language drama film adaptation of Uttara Ramayana from the writer-director duo of Ramana and Bapu.
WOTB 88.7 FM is a radio station licensed to Pearl River, Louisiana.
Live at the Caravan of Dreams is a live album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1985 at the Caravan of Dreams in Fort Worth, Texas and released on the Caravan of Dreams label.
"""Best Days of Your Life"" is a song performed by American country music artist Kellie Pickler."
Zaidi Amel (born (1995-03-03)3 March 1995) is an Algerian female volleyball player.
Cross Canadian Ragweed is the debut studio album for the country rock band Cross Canadian Ragweed.
Baires Fly is an airline based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The State Reform Party or (, abbreviated STAR) is a political party based in Sarawak, Malaysia. Its current President is Lina Soo, replacing Patau Rubis, who died in 2016, after he collapsed while presiding the STAR Annual General Meeting on 20 March 2016.
Ernest Noel, FGS (18 August 1831 – 20 May 1931) was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Scottish seat of Dumfries Burghs from 1874 to 1886.
Bo Kuangyi (born 17 December 1987), more commonly known as Bo Guagua, is the second son of former Chinese politician Bo Xilai, and the only child of Gu Kailai, his father's second wife.
Kartanonherra ja kaunis Kirstin (Finnish: The Lord of the Mansion and the Beautiful Kirstin) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.
Rándall Row Arias (born 21 April 1971 in Turrialba) is a former Costa Rican footballer who played most of his career with Deportivo Saprissa, during the 1990s.
Kürten is a village and a municipality in the Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Feeding the Wheel is the fifth of many albums by keyboardist Jordan Rudess of Dream Theater and Dixie Dregs fame.
Tom Ferguson (born December 5, 1946 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American actor.
Giovanni Battista Tempesti (1729–1804) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Pisa. Tempesta was born in Volterra.
Michael Dameski (born 7 November 1995) is an Australian dancer, actor and singer of Macedonian descent.
REDIRECT David Campbell (Australian political scientist).
Elisabeth Tieber (born 4 July 1990) is an Austrian football defender who plays for FC Neunkirch in the Swiss Nationalliga A and the Austria women's national football team.
Nikolske Raion (Ukrainian: Нікольський район), until May 2016 Volodarske Raion (Ukrainian: Володарський район), is one of the 33 regions of Donetsk Oblast, located in southwestern Ukraine.
Our Father Who Art in the Tree is a 2002 debut novel by Australian writer Judy Pascoe.
Kim Roberts (born November 7, 1961) is an American poet, editor, and literary historian residing in Washington, D.C. Roberts was born November 7, 1961, in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Jan Nepomuk Štěpánek ( 1783 – 12 ) was a Czech playwright, director, actor and theatre manager. Jan Nepomuk Štěpánek was born in Chrudim to a soapmaker's family.
Klepariv (Ukrainian: Клепарів, Polish: Kleparów, Russian: Клепаров), is a suburb of Lviv in Ukraine.
Kupinince is a village in the municipality of Vranje, Serbia.
"KXOR (660 AM, "" Radio Zion "" ) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Junction City, Oregon, United States."
The California Golden Bears men's basketball team is the college basketball team of the University of California, Berkeley.
Helmut Förnbacher (born 26 January 1936) is a Swiss actor, film director and screenwriter.
Francis Tapon (born March 10, 1970) is an author, global nomad, and public speaker.
Choqa Qasem (, also Romanized as Choqā Qāsem) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Gábor Talmácsi (born (1981-05-28)28 May 1981 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian former professional motorcycle racer.
"Tiempos Mejores is an EP a 45 "" LP (Single) by Mexican pop singer Yuri."
Live at the Isle of Wight Festival is a live concert video by the British rock band Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel, filmed at the 2004 Isle of Wight Festival, and released on DVD in 2005.
Photo Finish (novel) is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the thirty-first, and penultimate, novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1980.
Inside United (known as Manchester United from 1992 to 2000, and as United from 2000 to 2006) is the official magazine of the English football club Manchester United.
Kim Tae-gyun (Korean: 김태균; Hanja: 金泰均; born September 19, 1972), is a South Korean comedian, actor and singer.
Nada Rocco (born 15 September 1947) is a Croatian actress.
Devatha Manushya (Kannada: ದೇವತಾ ಮನುಷ್ಯ; English: Divine Person) is a 1988 Indian Kannada film, directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao.
Svortland or Bremnes is the administrative centre of Bømlo municipality in Vestland county, Norway.
Cattleya labiata, also known as the crimson cattleya or ruby-lipped cattleya, is the type species of Cattleya, discovered in 1818 in Brazil. This plant grows in the northeastern area of Brazil, in the states of Pernambuco and Alagoas.
Edwin Orion Brownell (born November 30, 1964 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian musician and author.
USS General W. P. Richardson (AP-118) was a troopship that served with the United States Navy in World War II.
Henry Gurdon Marquand (April 11, 1819 – February 26, 1902) was an American financier, philanthropist and collector. Marquand was born in New York City on April 11, 1819.
Gujan (, also Romanized as Gūjān; also known as Gūgūn, Gujūn, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
5 Lies (Norwegian: 5 løgner) is a 2007 Norwegian drama film directed by Lars Daniel Krutzkoff Jacobsen, starring Pia Tjelta, Gard B. Eidsvold and Kim Sørensen.
Roman Yevgenyevich Konoplev (Russian: Роман Евгеньевич Коноплёв,Romanian: Roman Conopliov) is a Russian political and public figure, strategist, publicist, writer, now resident in Portugal. Roman Konoplev was born on September 4, 1973 in Bryansk Oblast, Russian SFSR.
Another Life is the third and final full-length studio album by American hard rock band Emphatic, released October 22, 2013.
The Gospel Opportunities Radio Network is a group of non-commercial FM radio stations, based in Marquette, Michigan.
The Reform and Renaissance Party (Arabic: حزب الإصلاح والنهضة‎, romanized: al-Eslah we al-Nahda) is an Islamist political party in Egypt. Hesham Mustafa Abdel Aziz is the leader of the party.
Jenny Ming (born 1955) is a retail fashion industry executive who served as the president and chief executive officer of Charlotte Russe Holding Inc. from 2009 to 2019.
Coordinates: 43°45′32″N 71°41′21″W﻿ / ﻿43.75889°N 71.68917°W﻿ / 43.75889; -71.68917 Plymouth State University (PSU), formerly Plymouth State College, is a public university in Plymouth, New Hampshire.
He served as the Prime Minister of the Alash Autonomy from 1917 to 1920, making him the first person in the history of Kazakhstan to hold such a position. Alikhan Bukeikhanov was born on 5 March 1866, in Tokyrauyn Volost, Russian Empire.
"John "" Johnny "" Sansone (born September 27, 1957), also known as Jumpin' Johnny Sansone, is an American electric blues singer, songwriter, harmonicist, accordionist, guitarist and piano player."
Mohammad-Amin Riahi (Persian: محمدامین ریاحی‎; 1 June 1923, Khoy – 15 May 2009, Tehran) was a prominent Iranian literary scholar of Persian literature, a historian, writer and statesman.
The Canaseraga Formation is a geologic formation in Pennsylvania.
The Summit Award is the highest award for youth in the Venturing program of the Boy Scouts of America.
The RD-263 (GRAU Index 15D117) is a liquid rocket engine, burning N2O4 and UDMH in the oxidizer rich staged combustion cycle.
Marmoset is an American indie rock band based in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States, that was formed on January 1, 1995.
Jabłonowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Waiting for the Moment is a solo album by keyboardist Stanley Cowell recorded in 1977 and first released on the Galaxy label.
Denis Brogniart (; born 12 June 1967 in Dijon) is a French sport journalist and television host.
Itay Segev () (born June 15, 1995) is an Israeli professional basketball player for Ironi Nahariya of the Israeli Premier League.
Einkommende Zeitungen was a German newspaper published from Leipzig, Germany by Timotheus Ritzsch.
Simenona Martinez is an American actress, singer-songwriter, visual artist and film director from Los Angeles, California.
Emil Edvin Wide (22 February 1896 – 19 June 1996) was a Swedish middle-distance and long-distance runner. Born in Finland as Emil Edvin Hermansson, Wide moved to Sweden in 1918.
Herne Windmill is a Grade I listed smock mill in Herne, Kent, England, that was built in 1789.
Olga D. González-Sanabria is a Puerto Rican scientist and inventor.
The Rolls-Royce Trent 900 is a high bypass turbofan produced by Rolls-Royce plc to power the Airbus A380, competing with the Engine Alliance GP7000.
Shin Kibayashi (樹林 伸, Kibayashi Shin, born July 22, 1962 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese manga storywriter, novelist and screenwriter.
Justin McCarthy (13 May 189114 July 1977) was a self-taught American artist.
Gabriel Aresti Segurola (October 14, 1933 – June 5, 1975) was one of the most important writers and poets in Basque language in the 20th century.
Deshabandu Karu Jayasuriya, MP (Sinhala: කරු ජයසුරිය, Tamil: கரு ஜயசூரிய; born 29 September 1940) is a Sri Lankan politician.
Test of Wills is the third studio album by the progressive metal/rock band Magellan.
A. K. High School and College () is a secondary as well as higher-secondary school, located at Dania(near Jatrabari) under Shaympur Thana, in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
"WVFB (101.5 FM, ""KIX Country"") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Celina, Tennessee, United States, the station is currently owned by Jonathan Keeton, through licensee Frank Keeton Aircasters, Inc."
She was born and began her career in Ireland. Aleen Cust was born in 1868 in Cordangan Manor, County Tipperary.
Bissli (Hebrew: בִּיסְלִי, Bisli) is an Israeli wheat snack produced by Nestle-owned Osem.
The Los Angeles Xtreme was a professional American football team based in Los Angeles, California.
Mirch () is a 2010 Indian drama film written and directed by Vinay Shukla.
The Queens Chronicle is a free weekly newspaper based in the New York City neighborhood of Rego Park, Queens.
The Fatalist (Portuguese: O Fatalista, French: Le fataliste) is a 2005 Portuguese-French drama film written and directed by João Botelho.
Darmareh () is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 656, in 130 families.
Free Spirit is the eleventh studio album by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler.
Rio Uchida (内田 理央, Uchida Rio, born September 27, 1991, in Hachiōji, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese gravure idol and actress who is affiliated with LesPros Entertainment.
Wendell H. Ford Airport is a public airport located 10 miles (16 & nbsp;km) northwest of the central business district of Hazard, a city in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.
Magic Time is an extensive three-disc compilation album containing music from the sunshine pop bands The Millennium, The Ballroom and Sagittarius and the artist Curt Boettcher.
Pariah is a 1998 American dramatic film written and directed by Randolph Kret and starring Damon Jones, Dave Oren Ward, and Angela Jones.
Svetlana Bojković has a daughter Кatarina Žutić, also an actress, with actor Miloš Žutić. Bojković married for the third time in 2011 to the diplomat Slavko Kruljević, Ambassador of the Republic of Serbia to Finland and Estonia.
Birlinn Limited is an independent publishing house based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Poshter Girl (Marathi: पोश्टर गर्ल) is a 2016 Marathi language film directed by Sameer Patil.
Anna Campbell Bliss (July 10, 1925 – October 12, 2015) was an American visual artist and architect.
Aalborg Cathedral School () is the oldest gymnasium in North Jutland, Demnmark.
Greifswald Power Station () was a coal-fired power plant planned by the Danish energy company DONG Energy near Greifswald, Germany.
Monett Municipal Airport (ICAO: KHFJ, FAA LID: HFJ, formerly M58) is a public-use airport located in Barry County, Missouri, United States.
Earthling Society were an English space/psychedelic rock band formed in Fleetwood, England in January 2004 by vocalist/guitarist Fred Laird and drummer Jon Blacow with bassist, David Fyall.
Sparrows Dance is a 2012 American independent romantic drama film written and directed by Noah Buschel and starring Marin Ireland and Paul Sparks.
Détruire, dit-elle (English, Destroy, She Said) is a 1969 French drama film directed by Marguerite Duras based on her book of the same title.
thumbnail Ramon Espadaler Parcerisas (born 19 September 1963 in Vic, Catalonia, Spain Ramon Espadaler, 'conseller' de Interior, El Periódico de Catalunya, 27 December 2012 ), is a Spanish politician.
Georgios Tzioumakas (born ) is a Greek male volleyball player. He is part of the Greece men's national volleyball team.
Mango Airlines SOC Ltd, trading as Mango, is a South African low-cost airline based at the OR Tambo International Airport, and a subsidiary of South African Airways.
Frederick Reginald Ironside (born February 12, 1950), known as Michael Ironside, is a Canadian actor and voice actor.
Glumslöv is a locality situated in Landskrona Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 1,994 inhabitants in 2010. Notable natives from the area include Björn Strid & Peter Wildoer.
NWO Spinoza Prize for Mike Jetten, Ieke Moerdijk, Annemarie Mol and Xander Tielens Moerdijk obtained his PhD at the University of Amsterdam in 1985.
Meta Linhas Aéreas (Formerly META - Mesquita Transportes Aéreos) was an airline based in Boa Vista, Roraima, Brazil, that operated domestic and international services to destinations in northern Brazil, Guyana, and Suriname.
The Forbidden Room is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Lon Chaney.
All This Everything is the third album by rock band Perpetual Groove.
Milan Zagorac (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Загорац; born 15 June 1980 in Pančevo) is a Serbian football defender. Zagorac played for OFK Beograd before becoming the first foreign player to sign for FC Desna Chernihiv in 2003.
Cumbancha is a record label, booking agency and music publisher based in Charlotte, Vermont. The company was founded by ethnomusicologist and music producer Jacob Edgar in 2006.
Next Time We Love is a 1936 melodrama film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart and Ray Milland.
"Land of Terror is a 1944 fantasy novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs, the sixth in his series about the fictional "" hollow earth "" land of Pellucidar."
Adelaide of Leuven (died c.  1158) was the wife of Simon I, Duke of Lorraine (1076–1138), in what is now France. She was the daughter of Henry III of Leuven and his wife Gertrude of Flanders.
The Widow's Might is a lost The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:The Widow's Might 1918 American comedy silent film directed by William C. deMille and written by Marion Fairfax.
Hans-Georg Dulz (born 31 October 1936) is a retired German football player. He spent five seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig.
Duet is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton and pianist Chick Corea recorded in 1978 and released on the ECM label in 1979.
Castellar de la Ribera is a municipality in the comarca of the Solsonès in Catalonia, Spain.
The Bluewater Creek Formation is a geologic formation in New Mexico.
Eileen Mary Florence Good (1893–1986) was an Australian architect and educator. Eileen Good began her career in architecture in 1912 when she was articled to the Melbourne architecture firm Purchas and Teague after leaving school.
Himalaya: Mountains of Life is a coffee table book authored by Sandesh Kadur and Kamaljit S. Bawa.
Bajrangbali is a 1976 Bollywood Hindu mythological film directed by Chandrakant with Dara Singh playing the title lead role of Hanuman.
The Poor Little Rich Girl is a 1917 American comedy-drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur.
Colors Straight Up is a 1997 American documentary film directed by Michèle Ohayon about the non-profit organization Colors United, which teaches drama to inner city youth.
Maltepe University (Turkish: Maltepe Üniversitesi) is a private university located in Maltepe district of Istanbul, Turkey.
Ibthorpe is a village in Hampshire, England.
"Solar Cookers International (SCI) is a U.S.-based non-profit advocacy group in Sacramento, California, founded by a group of people in 1987 and incorporated on January 6, 1988. ""."
Nagorny District () is an administrative district (raion) of Southern Administrative Okrug, and one of the 125 raions of Moscow, Russia.
St. Pius X High School is a secondary school in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
İbrahim Balaban (1 January 1921 – 9 June 2019) was a Turkish painter.
Lara Boon (born 13 November 1987) is an Australian football (soccer) player.
From Disgust to Humanity: Sexual Orientation and Constitutional Law is a 2010 book about LGBT rights in the United States by the philosopher Martha Nussbaum.
Zbigniew Wyciszkiewicz (born 16 September 1969 in Strzelin) is a retired Polish professional footballer who played for Widzew Łódź and ŁKS Łódź in the Polish Ekstraklasa.
Love Is an Action Word, released in 1998 on CGI Records, is a gospel music album by American urban contemporary gospel group Witness.
Willy Clever (1905–1969) was a German actor and screenwriter.
Harvest (French: Regain) is a 1937 French drama film directed by Marcel Pagnol, starring Fernandel, Orane Demazis, Marguerite Moreno and Gabriel Gabrio.
Francis P. Wall was an American football player and coach.
Sedlec (Mladá Boleslav District) is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Anastassia Morkovkina (born 6 April 1981) is an Estonian football manager and former professional player. She is currently the manager of the Naiste Meistriliiga club Pärnu JK.
Sweet Memories) is a 1979 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by K. Balachander starring Kamal Haasan, Rajinikanth, Jayaprada, Geetha and Nakul. The film was also simultaneously shot in Telugu as Andamaina Anubhavam (transl.
Pyrrhic Victory is the third studio album by Dutch band Intwine.
"Johannes Franciscus Catharinus "" Hans "" Klok (born 22 February 1969) is a Dutch magician, illusionist and actor. Hans Klok was born in Purmerend, Netherlands."
Corroboree Rock Conservation Reserve is a protected area in the Northern Territory of Australia located about 42 kilometres (26 mi) east of Alice Springs in the East MacDonnell Ranges.
The Bro Code: How Contemporary Culture Creates Sexist Men is a documentary created by Thomas E. Keith in 2011. Thomas Keith is a professor at California Polytechnic University and Claremont Graduate University where he teaches philosophy and gender studies.
Arnaldo Andreoli (6 August 1893 & ndash; 2 December 1952) was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was born in Modena.
As a boy, Erguner studied with his father Ulvi Erguner and attended the Sema of the Mevlevi-Sufi tradition along with other Dervish ceremonies.
Anthony Paul Jefferies (born July 1, 1985), known professionally as Nineteen85, is a Canadian record producer and songwriter.
Rose Folder [Powell] (May 12, 1926 – July 3, 2014) was an outfield/infield utility and pitcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League in the 1944 season.
Danail Milušev (Bulgarian: Данаил Милушев) (born (1984-02-03)3 February 1984) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player.
Kodigenahalli is a census town in Tumkur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Marion Crawford, CVO (5 June 1909 – 11 February 1988) was a Scottish educator and governess to Princess Margaret and Princess Elizabeth (the future Queen Elizabeth II), who called her Crawfie.
Tore Bernitz Pedersen (26 January 1935 - 17 April 2015) was a Norwegian illustrator and comics artist.
"""Let Robeson Sing"" is a song by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers."
"""Miracle Worker"" is the debut single by rock supergroup SuperHeavy from their self-titled debut studio album."
The United States Marine Corps Officer Candidates School (OCS) is a training regiment designed to screen and evaluate potential Marine Corps Officers.
Robert Dorfmann (3 March 1912 – 11 August 1999) was a French film producer who worked from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Harada Nobutane (原田 信種, 1560–1598) was a Japanese samurai of the Sengoku period through Azuchi-Momoyama period, who served the Akizuki clan of Kyūshū.
Heavyweights is a 1995 American family comedy-drama film directed by Steven Brill and written by Brill with Judd Apatow.
Marching Band is a musical duo consisting of Erik Sunbring and Jacob Lind from Linköping, Sweden.
Dinesh Mehta is an Indian Bollywood and television actor.
Mylène Lazare (born 20 November 1987, Lagny-sur-Marne) is a French swimmer, who won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's 4 x 200 m freestyle.
Changes is a 1969 American drama film directed and produced by Hall Bartlett.
Don't Cry Out Loud is a live album by Elkie Brooks, recorded live at the Shepherds Bush Empire, London, during her 2004 UK tour.
Jaruške Gornje is a village in the municipality of Lukavac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
La Luna (IPA: , Italian/Spanish for The Moon) is a 2011 Pixar computer-animated short film, directed and written by Enrico Casarosa.
Gerald Weiß (8 January 1960, in Lübz – 17 February 2018, in Kloster Lehnin) was an East German javelin thrower.
The Dumaguete Academy for Culinary Arts (DACA) is the first international culinary arts school in Dumaguete City.
Beauty No. 2 is a 1965 American avant-garde film by directed by Andy Warhol and starring Edie Sedgwick and Gino Piserchio.
The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion (2005) is a nonfiction book written by scholars Wayne G. Hammond and Christina Scull.
Un passo dal cielo (One step from heaven) is an Italian television series, aired in Italy on Rai 1 and Rai HD, starring Terence Hill as commander of the State Forestry Corps in the Italian village of Innichen and Enrico Ianniello as the local State Police commissioner.
Barska Stoka (English: Livestock from Bar) is a Montenegrin hip-hop group. The current lineup of Barska Stoka is Dvorska Luda, Darzee, Joe Shua Kizz and 2JNK Demolythron.
Guy Davis (born May 12, 1952) is an American blues guitarist, banjo player, and actor.
The Long Day Closes is a 1992 British film directed and written by Terence Davies.
Autodesk Alias (formerly known as Alias StudioTools) is a family of Computer-aided industrial design (CAID) software predominantly used in Automotive Design and Industrial Design for generating Class A surfaces using Bézier surface and NURBS modeling method.
Ashiesh Roy (born 18 May 1965) is an Indian television and film actor.
Michael John Lohan (/ˈloʊ.ən/; born April 25, 1960) is an American television personality, best known as the father of actress Lindsay Lohan. Michael Lohan is the oldest of four children born to Marilyn (née Desiderio) and Richard Lohan.
Giuliano Gemma (2 September 1938 – 1 October 2013) was an Italian actor.
Abel's Island is an American 30-minute short animated film created in 1988 directed by Michael Sporn.
The Himalayas () is a 2015 South Korean adventure drama film directed by Lee Seok-hoon.
I'm Not the Only One is a 2004 political autobiography by the British politician George Galloway.
Ayibobo is a mizik rasin band from New York, New York, USA.
Erik Holmberg (13 November 1908 – 1 February 2000) was a Swedish astronomer and cosmologist.
The Raven Cycle is a series of four contemporary fantasy novels written by American author Maggie Stiefvater.
Bastard Noise is an American noise band founded in 1991 by musicians Eric Wood, Henry Barnes, and W. T. Nelson.
Indwe is a town in Chris Hani District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
Mohabat Ka Paigham is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by Padmini and produced by Mrs. Rani S. Kapila.
Viperfish is a Bulgarian progressive punk-rock band. Formed in 2007 it currently consists of Adrian Gougov (main songwriter, lead guitar, lead vocals, and piano), Dimo Mezekliev (bass and backing vocals) and Matey Hristoskov (drums and backing-vocals).
Kari Sylwan (born 15 October 1940) is a Swedish actress, dancer, ballet teacher, and choreographer.
Othello High School is a public high school in Othello, Washington, United States, and is part of the Othello School District.
The Sulzbach Formation is a geologic formation in France.
Chisholm Trail High School is a public high school in Fort Worth, Texas.
An Nabat is a village in western central Yemen.
Mama Bagunnava (English: Father-in-law, Are You Fine) is a 1997 Telugu comedy film, produced by Jayakrishna under the Jayakrishna Movies banner and directed by Kodi Ramakrishna.
Colors (stylized colors) is the fourth major-label Japanese studio album (sixth overall) by South Korean pop rock band CNBLUE.
KMZL (91.1 FM) is a non-commercial radio station licensed to serve Missoula, Montana.
Georges Biassou (1741, Haiti – 1801, Saint Augustine, Florida) was an early leader of the 1791 slave rising in Saint-Domingue that began the Haitian Revolution.
Mallu Ravi is an Indian politician.
Plug Me In is a DVD box set released on 16 October 2007 by Australian hard rock group AC/DC.
CJVR-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 105.1 FM in Melfort, Saskatchewan.
Prem Adib (10 August 1917 – 25 December 1959) was an Indian film actor.
Anna Korabiec (born (1995-01-11)11 January 1995) is a Polish female volleyball player. She is part of the Poland women's national volleyball team.
Sanaya Irani (now Seghal) (born 17 September 1983) is an Indian television actress.
Mount Elizabeth Hospital, known colloquially as Mount E, is a 345-bed private hospital in Singapore operated by Parkway Health.
Günter Deckert (14 September 1950, in Ehrenfriedersdorf – 24 November 2005) was an East German nordic combined skier who competed in the early 1970s.
Herbert Niiler (27 April 1905 – 13 April 1982) was an Estonian American basketball player and coach.
Fawwaz Haddad (Arabic: فواز حدّاد) (born 1947) is a Syrian novelist.
White Fang 2: Myth of the White Wolf is a 1994 American Northern adventure film directed by Ken Olin and starring Scott Bairstow, Alfred Molina, and Geoffrey Lewis.
Here Is What Is is the fifth studio album by Canadian songwriter and record producer Daniel Lanois.
Mutena Airport (ICAO: FZDJ) is an airport serving the town of Mutena in Kasai-Occidental Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Nicola Sala (7 April 1713 & ndash; 31 August 1801) was an Italian composer and music theorist. He was born in Tocco Caudio and died in Naples.
Gorgi Coghlan, Profile Talent Management, 13 July 2010 Gorgi was previously married to lawyer Justin Quill.
Shillay (Scottish Gaelic: Siolaigh) is an uninhabited island which lies 2 km north of Pabbay in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
Yulia Bessolova (born 23 August 1992) is a Russian footballer. She plays as a defender for Izmailovo Moscow.
Dorian Andronic (born 16 October 1989) is a Romanian former football player.
Gabriel Henrique Silva, better known as Gabriel (Rio de Janeiro, March 4, 1989), is a Brazilian footballer who acts as left back.
"Order of Culture and Art () is an Iranian state general order established by "" Council of Iran Ministers "" on November 21, 1990 and modified on June 27, 2007."
The Cornishman is a weekly newspaper based in Penzance, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom which was first published on 18 July 1878.
Irmgard Bartenieff (1900 Berlin - 1981 New York City) was a dance theorist, dancer, choreographer, physical therapist, and a leading pioneer of dance therapy.
Zorrita Martinez (Spanish: Zorrita Martínez) is a 1975 Spanish comedy drama film directed by Vicente Escrivá and starring José Luis López Vázquez, Nadiuska and Manuel Zarzo.
Maxime Gremetz (born September 3, 1940 in Canchy, Somme) was a member of the National Assembly of France.
The National University of Life and Environmental Sciences of Ukraine () is a leading public university in the field of agriculture in Ukraine; it is located in Kiev.
Central Mountain Air Ltd. is a Canadian regional airline based in Smithers, British Columbia.
Viisu is a village in Roosna-Alliku Parish, Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
Wólka Zatorska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Golden Fetter is a 1917 American romance silent film directed by Edward LeSaint and written by Charles Tenney Jackson and Charles Maigne.
ClearCheckbook.com is a freemium, web-based personal money management tool created by Brandon O'Brien.
Lillo Thomas. (born 1961, Brooklyn, New York, United States), is an American former Olympic-qualifying athlete and later a soul musician.
Live in Japan is a live album by punk rock band Sham 69, recorded at Clockwise Mobile Studio in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan in March 1991 and released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
Spiritual Kung Fu (Chinese: 拳精) (Quan Jing) is a 1978 Hong Kong action martial arts film directed and produced by Lo Wei, and starring Jackie Chan and James Tien.
Barbara Miller-Gidaly, sometimes credited with her maiden name, Barbara Miller, is an American music supervisor and director.
Rita Reed is an American photojournalist and professor. McIntyre Professorship in 2014.
Dixieland is a 2015 American crime drama film, written and directed by Hank Bedford.
Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان عباس غربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Brnjičani is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Giacinto Bondioli (1596 & ndash;1636) was an Italian Dominican prior and composer.
Marcel Mouly (February 6, 1918 – January 7, 2008) was a French artist who painted in an abstract style. Mouly was born in Paris, France on February 6, 1918.
Chevannah Paalvast (born 4 September 1991) is a New Zealand professional basketball player for Canberra Capitals of the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).
Prevention is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock band De Rosa, released on 2 March 2009 on both Chemikal Underground and Gargleblast Records.
Jason Webb (born September 23, 1973) is a Filipino basketball coach and former basketball player.
Barney McGill (April 30, 1890 – January 11, 1942) was an American cinematographer who was nominated at the 4th Academy Awards for Best Cinematography for the film Svengali.
"The Clown (German: Ansichten eines Clowns, lit. ""Opinions of a clown"") is a 1963 novel by West German writer Heinrich Böll."
Ćojluk is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Qurban Hussain, Baron Hussain (Urdu: قربان حسین‎; born 27 March 1956 in Kotli, Azad Kashmir) is a British–Pakistani Liberal Democrat politician and life peer.
Elisabetta Visconti (1374 – 2 February 1432), also known as Elisabeth or Elizabeth, was a younger child of Bernabò Visconti and his wife, Beatrice Regina della Scala.
Pančevo Airport (Аеродром Панчево or Aerodrom Pančevo) (ICAO: LYPA) is an airport near the city of Pančevo, Serbia near Belgrade.
The Westing Game is a mystery book written by Ellen Raskin and published by Dutton in 1978.
The San Gabriel Mountains (Spanish: Sierra de San Gabriel) are a mountain range located in northern Los Angeles County and western San Bernardino County, California, United States.
Karolina Goliat (born (1996-10-25)25 October 1996) is a Belgian female volleyball player. She is a member of the Belgium women's national volleyball team.
Claustrophobia (retitled Serial Slayer for home video release) is a 2003 horror thriller written and directed by Mark Tapio Kines.
Song of Naples (, ) is a 1957 Italian-German melodrama film written and directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Joachim Fuchsberger and Janet Vidor.
Enakku Veru Engum Kilaigal Kidayathu (transl. I don't have any other branches) is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language comedy film written and directed by Ganapathy Balamurugan.
Huyton (/ˈhaɪtən/ HY-tən) is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley, Merseyside, England.
Rhodesian Air Services (RAS) was an airline from Southern Rhodesia (today's Zimbabwe, until 1963 part of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland) from 1960 to 1965.
Lubica Kucerova (born 27 April 1983), also known as Lubica Slovak, is a Slovakia born fashion designer, Ryerson University graduate and founder of Lubica, clothing company based in Jamaica.
Elevator Musiq is the third album released by New Zealand hip-hop group, Nesian Mystik on 28 October 2008 by Bounce/Universal Records. Album art work was done by New Zealand Street artist Misery.
Sathi Shakthi (Kannada: ಸತಿಶಕ್ತಿ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film directed and produced by Kanagal Prabhakar Shastry.
Golam Mustafa (2 March 1935 & ndash; 20 February 2003) was a Bangladeshi actor.
Skyhill Airport is a private Airport located 8 miles southeast of Oregon City in Clackamas County, Oregon, USA.
Boots is the debut studio album by Nancy Sinatra, released on Reprise Records in 1966.
Cloudscape is the self-titled debut album by Swedish progressive metal band Cloudscape, released through Metal Heaven in 2004.
John Forbes of Corse (2 May 1593 – 29 April 1648) was a Scottish minister and theologian, one of the Aberdeen doctors, noted for his eirenic approach in church polity and opposition to the National Covenant.
Ludwig: Requiem for a Virgin King () is a 1972 West German historical drama film directed by Hans-Jürgen Syberberg, starring Harry Baer as Ludwig II of Bavaria.
Zahrakar (, also Romanized as Zahrākār) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
""" Ghost Town "" is the fifth single by Shiny Toy Guns, and the second single from their second album Season of Poison."
Cycle of Eternity is the ninth studio album by the German electronic composer Peter Frohmader, released in 1994 by Cuneiform Records.
Timo Weiland is a fashion line for men and women designed by Tim Weiland, Donna Kang and Alan Eckstein.
Khushinan (, also Romanized as Khūshīnān) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.
The König SC 430 is a three-cylinder, two-stroke, single ignition radial aircraft engine designed for powered paragliders and single place ultralight trikes.
WLAM (1470 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Licensed to Lewiston, Maine, United States, the station serves the Lewiston-Auburn area.
American Idol Season 11 Top 10 Highlights is a compilation album released on July 7, 2012.
HM The KingHM The Queen Mette-Marit, Crown Princess of Norway (born Mette-Marit Tjessem Høiby, [ˌmɛtːə ˈmɑ̀ːrɪt ˈçɛ̀səm ˈhœ̀ʏbʏ], on 19 August 1973) is the wife of Crown Prince Haakon, heir apparent to the throne of Norway.
Lionel Carter Jr. (born July 8, 1992), better known as his stage name Yung Carter, is an American record producer from Anderson, South Carolina.
Život sa stricem (My Uncle's Legacy) is a 1988 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Krsto Papić, starring Davor Janjić, Alma Prica, Miodrag Krivokapić, Branislav Lečić, Anica Dobra and Ivo Gregurević.
Dijkot (Punjabi, ) is a city in the Faisalabad District of Punjab, Pakistan.
Świesielice [ɕfjɛɕɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Ivanka Koleva () (born 9 December 1968) is a Paralympian track and field athlete from Bulgaria competing mainly in throwing events in the T57 classification.
Blood Ties: The Life and Work of Sally Mann is a 1994 American short documentary film directed by Steven Cantor and Peter Spirer.
The Gasconade Formation is a geologic formation in the Ozarks of Missouri.
Don Fury is an American recording engineer and producer who owned three rehearsal and recording studios in New York City.
Favourite Mistake is the debut studio album by Canadian country music duo Autumn Hill.
Rita Chowdhury (born 17 August 1960) is an Indian poet, novelist and Sahitya Akademi Award recipient in the world of Assamese literature.
""" Idiot Stick "" is a science fiction short story by American writer Damon Knight."
Tubular Bells is the debut studio album by English multi-instrumentalist, composer and songwriter Mike Oldfield, released on 25 May 1973 as the first album on Virgin Records.
T & A was a professional wrestling tag team in the World Wrestling Federation, consisting of Test and Albert.
Shevyn Roberts is an American singer, actress and dancer.
The Calabar River in Cross River State, Nigeria flows from the north past the city of Calabar, joining the larger Cross River about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the south.
Count Kazimierz Krasiński (1725–1802) was a Polish noble, politician and patron of art. He was the son of Antoni Krasiński and Barbara Zielińska.
Manchester by the Sea is a 2016 American drama film written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan and starring Casey Affleck, Michelle Williams, Kyle Chandler, and Lucas Hedges.
Rock Reggae Dr. Ed and Friends (formerly Dr. Ed and the Flu Shots), is a nine-piece reggae influenced funk/rock band from the Chicago area.
Straightaway is a 1933 American Pre-Code crime drama film directed by Otto Brower and starring Tim McCoy, Sue Carol, and William Bakewell.
Trap God is a mixtape by American rapper Gucci Mane, released on October 17, 2012.
Atescatempa is a town and municipality in the Jutiapa department of Guatemala.
The Port of Magdalla is a port in western India, located on the southern bank of the Tapi River, around 10 & nbsp;km from Surat.
"""The Great Gig in the Sky"" is the fifth track[nb 1] on The Dark Side of the Moon, the 1973 album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd."
From the River to the Sea is the first demo album by the English progressive rock band, Big Big Train.
Richard Bishop is an American composer, guitarist and singer best known for his work with the Sun City Girls.
Morgan Park High School is a four-year public high school located in the Morgan Park neighborhood on the far south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The Battle of Tanagra was a battle in the Peloponnesian War in 426 BC between Athens and Tanagra and Thebes.
Kill Me Please () is a 2015 Brazilian-Argentine coming of age thriller-drama film, written and directed by Anita Rocha da Silveira in her directorial debut.
Xu Jingcheng (Chinese: 許景澄; pinyin: Xǔ Jǐngchéng; Wade–Giles: Hsü Ching-ch'eng; 1845 – 28 July 1900) was a Chinese diplomat and Qing politician supportive of the Hundred Days' Reform.
The Colony is a reality television series that is produced by the Discovery Channel.
Marco Giustiniani (1655–1735) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Torcello (1692–1735).
Chen Chi-mai (Chinese: 陳其邁; pinyin: Chén Qímài; Wade–Giles: Ch'ên2 Ch'i2-mai4; born December 23, 1964) is a Taiwanese politician.
Jacques Deray (19 February 1929 in Lyon – 9 August 2003 in Boulogne-Billancourt) was a French film director and screenwriter.
Alcmaeon in Corinth (, Alkmaiōn ho dia Korinthou; also known as Alcmaeon at Corinth, Alcmaeon) is a play by Greek dramatist Euripides.
Left Out was a Chicago, Illinois Christian punk supergroup that was active from 1995-2002.
Joseph Nourse (London, England, 16 July 1754 – Washington D.C., 1841) was the first United States Register of the Treasury whose career spanned forty years and six presidential administrations.
The People First Party (Korean: 국민중심당; Hanja: 國民中心黨; RR: Gungmin Jungsim-dang; MR: Kungmin Chungsim-dang), was a political party in South Korea, led by Sim Dae-pyung and Shin Kook-hwan.
I Shall Never Return (Japanese: ぼくはこのまま帰らない, Hepburn: Boku wa Konomama Kaeranai) is a yaoi manga series by Kazuna Uchida.
Nohom () is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
The Northern Religion of Things is a live, solo recording of previous Nosound material by Giancarlo Erra.
Jenny Packham is a British fashion designer.
Heart of a Child is a 1958 British drama film adapted from a book written by Phyllis Bottome, directed by Clive Donner.
Pierre de Nolhac Pierre Girault de Nolhac (15 December 1859, Ambert & ndash; 31 January 1936, Paris), known as Pierre de Nolhac, was a French historian, art historian and poet.
(In-charge) Atiqul Islam (born 1 July 1961) is a Bangladeshi businessman and the current mayor of Dhaka North City Corporation.
Aldemaro Romero (March 12, 1928 – September 15, 2007) was a Venezuelan pianist, composer, arranger and orchestral conductor.
The Head Hunters is an album by American jazz drummer Chico Hamilton featuring performances recorded in 1968 and originally released on the Solid State label.
O-Zone is a Moldavian Eurodance trio that was active from 1998 to 2005 and consisted of Dan Balan, Radu Sîrbu and Arsenie Todiraș.
Nabil Kebbab (Arabic: نبيل كباب‎; born December 30, 1983) is an Algerian swimmer who competes in the freestyle events.
Dimensions & Extensions is an album by American saxophonist Sam Rivers recorded in 1967 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1986 with the original catalogue number and the intended cover artwork.
So Good is the thirteenth studio album by American R & B/Soul vocal group The Whispers, Released on July 26, 1984 via SOLAR Records.
Augustin is a 1995 French comedy film directed by Anne Fontaine.
Power to Win is a 1942 short Australian documentary directed by Charles Chauvel about the Australian coal industry during World War II.
Rene Maurin (born 1971, in Maribor, Slovenia) is a Slovene theatre director, film director and screenwriter.
New Writings in SF 1 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell, the initial volume in a series of thirty, of which he edited the first twenty-one.
Ernest Haller was born in Los Angeles, California on May 31, 1896.
They're All Gonna Laugh at You! is the debut album by American comedian Adam Sandler, released in 1993.
Kattalai (English: Order/Command) is a 1993 Tamil film directed by Liaquat Ali Khan, starring Sathyaraj and Bhanupriya.
Obe Dve (Russian: Обе Две) is a Russian band from Ekaterinburg, fronted by Ekaterina Pavlova.
Olney High School is a public high school located in Olney, Texas (USA) and classified as a 2A school by the UIL.
Kirawale (K.G.) is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka, India.
Prema Khaidi (transl. Love prisoner) is 1990 Indian Telugu-language romantic film directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana starring Harish Kumar, Malashri, Sharada.
Roscoe Ates (January 20, 1895 – March 1, 1962) was an American vaudeville performer, actor of stage and screen, comedian and musician who primarily featured in western films and television.
Movie Days () is a 1994 Icelandic film directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson.
Yevgeny Feofanov (29 April 1937 & ndash; 29 March 2000) was a boxer from the Soviet Union.
right|The Catholic Cathedral in Plovdiv, Bulgaria, built between 1930 and 1931. right|Elevation of a private home in Plovdiv, by Architect Kamen Petkov, dated 1914.
Sosnogorsk (Russian: Сосного́рск; Komi: Сӧснагорт, Sösnagort) is a town in the Komi Republic, Russia, located on the Izhma River.
:Miloslav Holub should not be confused with the Czech poet Miroslav Holub. Miloslav Holub (February 27, 1915March 12, 1999) was a Czech actor, perhaps best known for his appearances (ranging from leads to cameo roles) in five films by Karel Zeman.
HC Bryansk is an ice hockey team in Bryansk, Russia.
The Horse Is Dead is a live album by English punk rock band Anti-Nowhere League, released in 1996.
Until Dawn is a 2015 interactive drama survival horror video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4.
Sollerön (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈsɔ̂lːɛrˌøːn]) is the largest island in Lake Siljan and a locality situated in Mora Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden. It had 901 inhabitants in 2010.
Ulrich Lehner retired from his position as Chairman of the Management Board of Henkel KGaA.
"KLEY-FM (95.7 FM, "" La Ley 95.7 "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican music format. Licensed to Jourdanton, Texas, United States, the station serves the San Antonio metropolitan area."
Alice Rohrwacher (Italian: [aˈliːtʃe rorˈvaːker], German pronunciation: [ˈʁoːɐ̯ˌvaxɐ]; born 29 December 1981) is an Italian film director, editor and screenwriter. Rohrwacher was born in Fiesole, in Tuscany, to an Italian mother and German father.
Zimolza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Party for Justice and Unity (, or PDU) was a political party in Albania whose primary aim is promotion of the Cham issue.
Ian MacDonald (born Ulva Pippy, June 28, 1914 – April 11, 1978) was an American actor and producer during the 1940s and 1950s.
The Lonely Astronauts is the band originally started as Joseph Arthur's one-man band.
The Battle Among the Clans (大香港) is a Hong Kong clan drama series produced by TVB that took place from the mid-1940s to 1950s.
Ahsas TV is a Hindi-language 24/7 lifestyle television channel, owned by Indian Limited.
KTEX (100.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Mercedes, Texas, United States, the station serves the McAllen, Weslaco, Harlingen, Brownsville, Texas, area.
Horní Újezd is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Aaryan Dinesh Kanagaratnam (born 29 August 1981), also known by his initials A. D. K. or simply Dinesh Kanagaratnam, is a Sri Lankan R&B and hip hop artist and music producer who has composed tracks in Tamil language.
Alexandru Roșu (born 30 April 1987) is a Romanian weightlifter.
The Kaohsiung Truth were a professional basketball team based in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Poetic Justice is the third studio album by the American glam metal band Lillian Axe, released in 1992.
The Catalão Microregion is a statistical microregion created by IBGE (Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística) in south-eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Girls in Hawaii is a Belgian indie pop band.
Here, There Be Dragons is a fantasy novel by James A. Owen.
Mostafa Zamani (Persian: مصطفی زمانی‎) is an Iranian actor.
Zalogovac is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 881 people.
In a Strange Room is a 2010 novel by South African writer Damon Galgut.
Xie Junmin (born (1983-05-17)17 May 1983 in Guangdong) is a Chinese male former water polo player. He was part of the China men's national water polo team.
Kalmu is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.
The Love Express (German: Der Liebesexpreß) is a 1931 German musical comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Georg Alexander, Dina Gralla and Joseph Schmidt.
Giovanni Gaetano Bottari (15 January 1689, Florence – 5 June 1775, Rome) was Vatican librarian and counsellor to Pope Clement XII.
Serviio is a freeware media server designed to let users stream music, video or image files to DLNA compliant televisions, game consoles, Blu-ray players, games console and Android or Windows Mobile devices on a home network.
""" Keep It Hot "" is a 1980 funk and disco song by Cheryl Lynn."
Stokkseyri is a small town in Southern Iceland, with a population of around 445.
Albert Hazen Wright (August 15, 1879 – July 5, 1970) was an American herpetologist and professor at Cornell University.
Jahmar Young (born November 18, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for Hapoel Hevel Modi'in of the Israeli National League.
Ivan Stambolić (Serbian: Иван Стамболић; 5 November 1936 – 25 August 2000) was a Serbian politician.
W. Baker (full name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played two first-class matches for Worcestershire in 1920.
Rebecca Stead (born January 16, 1968) is an American writer of fiction for children and teens.
KISW (99.9 FM) – branded 99.9 The Rock KISW – is a commercial mainstream rock radio station licensed to Seattle, Washington.
The Capertee River, a perennial stream that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.
Mícheál Lally (born 1939), is an Irish writer and historian.
Jastrebnik (pronounced [ˈjaːstɾɛbnik]) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills southwest of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.
I Never Knew (What That Song Meant Before) is the twenty fourth studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.
Steve Miller is a game designer and editor who has worked on a number of products for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game from Wizards of the Coast, and other role-playing games.
Hans-Christian Ströbele, German pronunciation: [hans ˈkʀɪsti̯an ˈʃtʀøːbələ], (born 7 June 1939) is a German politician and lawyer.
Sayf ibn Umar al-Usayyidi al-Tamimi (Arabic: سيف بن عمر‎) was an early Islamic historian and compiler of reports who lived in Kufa.
Winds of the Pampas is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by Arthur Varney and starring Ralph Cloninger, Harry Holden and Vesey O'Davoren.
Hokkaido Bunkyo University (北海道文教大学, Hokkaidō bunkyō daigaku) is a private university in Hokkaido, Japan, established in 1999. It has campuses in Eniwa and Sapporo.
The Split Program II is the second split album of German metalcore bands Caliban and Heaven Shall Burn.
Timbiriche Vaselina is the 5th album from Mexican pop music Group Timbiriche.
Max Baginski (1864 – November 24, 1943) was a German-American anarchist revolutionary. Baginski was born in 1864 in Bartenstein (now Bartoszyce), a small East Prussian town.
Anna Grejman (born 8 June 1993) is a female Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team and Polish club Polski Cukier Muszyna, 2014 Polish Champion.
Social Justice (Hebrew: צדק חברתי, Tzedek Hevrati) was a political party in Israel headed by Russian-Israeli businessman Arcadi Gaydamak.
Yenima Arencibia Barrisontes (or Yenima Arencibia Barrizonte; born December 25, 1984 in San Luis, Pinar del Río) is a female Cuban sprint hurdler.
Blood Stain Child (stylised as BLOOD STAIN CHILD) is a Japanese heavy metal band from the city of Osaka. The band's musical style combines melodic death metal with electronic and trance.
Absolute 100 (Serbian: Апсолутних сто, Apsolutnih sto) is a 2001 Serbian film written and directed by Srdan Golubović.
Lužan is a village in Croatia with a population of 719 as of 2011.
Mundane History () is a 2009 film by the Thai film-maker Anocha Suwichakornpong.
Doni Tata Pradita (born 21 January 1990 in Sleman, Special Region of Yogyakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian motorcycle racer who raced in the 2013 Moto2 World Championship.
Fereydoon Moshiri (Persian: فریدون مشیری‎; September 21, 1926 – October 24, 2000) was one of the prominent contemporary Persian poets who wrote poems in both modern and classic styles of the Persian poem.
Map of Duffer's Drift The Defence of Duffer's Drift is a short 1904 book by Ernest Dunlop Swinton.
Mohammadpur Central University College is an undergraduate college in Dhaka, Bangladesh established in 1972.
Bird in a Cage is a 1986 American comedic drama film written and directed by Antonio Zarro while he was attending the Christian Broadcasting Network University (now Regent University).
Red Devil was an American progressive punk rock band, based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Body Language is the fourth solo album by Jonathan Cain, the keyboard player and composer for the band Journey. The album was recorded at Cain's home studio, Wild Horse Studio, and released in 1997.
Toni Tasev (Bulgarian: Тони Тасев; born 25 March 1994) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Montana. Born in Blagoevgrad, Tasev is a product of the Pirin 2001 academy.
City of the Sun () is a 2015 South Korean television series based on the Japanese novel by Jun Ikeido.
My Outlaw Brother is a 1951 American Western film directed by Elliott Nugent, produced by Benedict Bogeaus, and starring Mickey Rooney, Wanda Hendrix, Robert Preston and Robert Stack.
The 2015 Military World Games, officially known as the 6th CISM Military World Games, is hosted from October 2–11, 2015 in Mungyeong, South Korea.
"Diamonds in a Dead Sky is The Missionary Position's debut album, released August 11, 2009 on the label "" Boredom Killing Business. ""."
Songs from Another Love is an extended play (EP) from singer-songwriter Tom Odell.
Mose Alive! is a live album by American pianist, vocalist and composer Mose Allison recorded at the Lighthouse Café in California for the Atlantic label in 1965.
The jaguar (Panthera onca) is a large felid species and the only extant member of the genus Panthera native to the Americas. Its size and weight vary considerably: weights are normally in the range of 56-96 kg (123-212 lb).
"Elena Korikova Born in Tobolsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, Schoolgirl Elena attended classes Historic theater-studio "" Epic "" in Rostov-on-Don, created by director Mikhail Viktorovich Izyumsky and Elena Prozorovskaya (Izyum)."
Ente Entethu Mathrem is a 1986 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Palangkaraya (Latin: Palangkaraien(sis)) is a diocese located in the city of Palangkaraya in the Ecclesiastical province of Samarinda in Indonesia.
Illupaividuthy is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census, Illupaividuthy had a total population of 1189 with 600 males and 589 females.
Carles Castillejo Salvador (born August 18, 1978 in Barcelona) is a Spanish long distance runner.
The Sea Mammal Research Unit (SMRU) is a marine science research organisation in Fife, Scotland.
X Anniversarium is the seventh studio album by the Spanish band Estopa.
Ar Raydah Wa Qusayar District is a district of the Hadhramaut Governorate, Yemen.
Khadija Ryadi (Arabic: خديجة الرياضي‎; born 1960 in Taroudant) is a Moroccan Human rights, feminist activist and former president of the Morocco Association for Human Rights (AMDH).
Words Upon the Window Pane is a 1994 Irish drama film directed by Mary McGuckian and starring Geraldine Chaplin, Ian Richardson, and Jim Sheridan.
"""The Adventure of the Three Students"", one of the 56 Sherlock Holmes short stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, is one of 13 stories in the cycle collected as The Return of Sherlock Holmes."
That Lovely Girl (, ) is a 2014 Israeli-French drama film directed by Keren Yedaya.
Flash is the fourth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck, released in July 1985 through Epic Records.
Robert Cushman (November 7, 1946 & ndash; July 13, 2009) was the photography curator for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) for 37 years.
KQKI-FM (95.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Bayou Vista, Louisiana, United States, the station serves St. Mary Parish and surrounding areas.
The Element of Freedom is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Alicia Keys, released on December 11, 2009, by J Records.
Thomas John Hamilton FitzMaurice, 5th Earl of Orkney (8 August 1803&nbsp;– 16 May 1877) was the son of John FitzMaurice, Viscount Kirkwall and grandson of Mary FitzMaurice, 4th Countess of Orkney.
"Ayoola Oladapo Agboola also known as Kiddominant is a Nigeria recording producer and disc jockey best known for producing Orezi's hit single ""Rihanna"" in 2013."
WWLC (88.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Cross City, Florida, United States, the station is currently owned by the Roman Catholic Diocese of St. Augustine, and simulcasts programming from WBVM in Tampa, Florida.
Litovyshche (Ukrainian: Літовище) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.
Los Palacios y Villafranca, 2010 Los Palacios y Villafranca, 1715 Los Palacios y Villafranca is a city located in the province of Seville, Spain.
Naujininkai is one of the neighborhoods of Vilnius, Lithuania.
Semigallia, also spelled Semigalia, (Latvian: Zemgale; German: Semgallen; Lithuanian: Žiemgala; Polish: Semigalia; Livonian: Zemgāl) is a historical land, previously inhabited by Baltic tribe Semigallians.
Melanie Vallejo (born 27 October 1979) is an Australian actress who is best known for portraying Madison Rocca, the Blue Mystic Ranger in Power Rangers Mystic Force, and Sophie Wong in the Australian television series Winners & Losers.
Pločnik (Serbian: Плочник) is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Toplica District, Republic of Serbia. According to the 2002 population census, it's populated by 182, all of whom declared Serbs.
The Study is a Canadian private education all-girls school in Westmount, Quebec.
Rakov Potok is a village in Croatia.
The Drones were an Australian rock band, formed in Perth by mainstay lead vocalist and guitarist, Gareth Liddiard in 1997.
Sidney Murray Matheson (1 July 1912 – 25 April 1985) was an American-based Australian actor.
Washburn Municipal Airport is a public airport located four miles (6.5 & nbsp;km) north of the central business district of Washburn, in McLean County, North Dakota, United States.
Zhang Yesui (; born October 1953) is a Chinese diplomat who served as the Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs and Party Committee Secretary for the People's Republic of China.
The Namhae Expressway(Korean: 남해고속도로, Namhae Gosok Doro) is a freeway in South Korea, connecting Yeongam to Suncheon, Gwangyang, Jinju, Changwon and Busan.
Harrison Afful (born 24 July 1986), commonly known simply as Harrison, is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a fullback for Major League Soccer club Columbus Crew SC and the Ghanaian national team.
The Hitkarini College of Engineering and Technology (abbreviated HCET or HCET Jabalpur) is a private engineering institution located in Jabalpur, India.
Snēpele Palace () is a palace in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.
Glenn Kaiser (born January 21, 1953) is a Chicago-based Christian blues musician, singer, songwriter and pastor. He was the leader of Resurrection Band and is currently the leader of The Glenn Kaiser Band.
Richard Wall (born in Ballybunion, County Kerry) is an Irish film, television and theatre actor.
Spring Break '83 is a comedy film directed by Mars Callahan and Scott Spiegel.
Drążna [ˈdrɔ̃ʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Dear Old London is a 1933 Australian short film directed by Claude Flemming for Efftee Studios.
Kal Mann (born Kalman Cohen, May 6, 1917 – November 28, 2001) was an American lyricist.
No Mercy is a trio of American singers who were originally brought together in Germany by producer Frank Farian. The group consists of Bronx-born Marty Cintron and twin brothers Ariel and Gabriel Hernández, who hailed from Miami.
KVOP (1090 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News/Talk format. KVOP is licensed to serve the community of Plainview, Texas, United States.
Jim Kaufman is an American born record producer who is also a multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, recording artist, mixer, film and television composer, mastering engineer and recording studio owner.
Chaminda Dayan Rajapakse, MBCS, MIEEE, MCS (SL) (8 October 1972 – ) is a Sri Lankan physician, teacher, and businessman.
Sayers Classical Academy is a private, classical Christian school located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Donje Novo Selo is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the town has a population of 120 people.
Park Min-young (; born 4 March 1986) is a South Korean actress.
The Beggar of Volubilis is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence.
As assistant coach: Clifford Ray (born January 21, 1949) is an American former professional basketball coach and player who is a consultant for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
The lifespan of brown bears of both sexes within minimally hunted populations is estimated at an average of 25 years.
De Ingottu Nokkiye is a 2008 Malayalam film by Balachandra Menon starring Jayasurya, Jagathy Sreekumar, Rathish Rajan and Sara.
Walpeup /wɔːlpiːˈʌp/ is a town in the Mallee region of north west Victoria.
Ralina Doshkova (Bulgarian: Ралина Дошкова) (born (1995-06-07)7 June 1995) is a Bulgarian female volleyball player.
Coordinates: 55°20′35″N 26°09′29″E﻿ / ﻿55.34308°N 26.158157°E﻿ / 55.34308; 26.158157 Ignalina Česlovas Kudaba Progymnasium is a day, self-learning secondary school in Ignalina, Lithuania.
Chris Risola is an American musician and songwriter.
South Sea Tales (1911) is a collection of short stories written by Jack London.
Paul and Pauline (German: Paul und Pauline) is a 1936 German comedy film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Ludwig Manfred Lommel, Trude Hesterberg and Erika Helmke.
Susanne Abbuehl (born July 30, 1970) is a Swiss/Dutch jazz singer and composer.
Human Nature is a 2006 album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem.
The White Priory Murders is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906–1977), who published it under the name of Carter Dickson.
Eternity and a Day is a soundtrack album by Greek composer Eleni Karaindrou featuring music for the film Eternity and a Day by Theodoros Angelopoulos recorded in 1998 and released on the ECM New Series label.
Alojz Uran or Alojzij Uran (born 22 January 1945 in Ljubljana, Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, who served as Archbishop of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia, from 4 December 2004 till 28 November 2009, when he resigned due to health problems.
Einstein was born on March 15, 1877 in New York City. He was the only son of wool magnate David Lewis Einstein (1839–1909) and, his wife, Caroline (née Fatman) Einstein (1852–1910).
The Car Keys (French: Les Clefs de bagnole) is a 2003 French comedy film directed by Laurent Baffie.
Soe Pyae Thazin (; born 22 September 1992) is a Myanmar Academy Award winning Burmese actress and singer.
Alin Zaharia is a Romanian footballer who plays for CS Afumați in Liga II.
Basem Ali (Arabic: باسم على‎; born 27 October 1988) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for El Gouna FC on loan from Al-Ahly in the Egyptian Premier League, and for Egypt national football team.
Ruri no Shima (瑠璃の島) is a Japanese television series which was broadcast on Nippon Television from 16 April to 18 June 2005.
Nusrat Jahan Ruhi (born 8 January 1990) is an Indian film actress who predominantly works in Bengali cinema.
LaNeah Menzies (born May 27, 1988), better known by her stage name Starshell, is an American actress, songwriter, social entrepreneur and recording artist.
Kumbalam, Kollam is a place in Kerala, India. It has a population of around 4000 and is a part of Perayam grama panchayat.
Lew Fields (born Moses Schoenfeld, January 1867 – July 20, 1941) was an American actor, comedian, vaudeville star, theatre manager, and producer.
Trimurti Films Pvt. Ltd. was an Indian film production house founded by Gulshan Rai in 1970.
Sanem Çelik (born 18 May 1975) is a Turkish actress, artist and dancer.
Rich Man's Folly is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by John Cromwell and written by Edward E. Paramore Jr. and Grover Jones.
"""Goldmine"" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist George Fox."
...It's Only Just Begun... is the fifth album by the Dutch symphonic rock group Solution.
William Odgers VC (14 February 1834 – 20 December 1873) was a Royal Navy sailor and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
The Buckingham Formation is a geologic formation in Florida.
So Good is the thirteenth studio album by American R&B/Soul vocal group The Whispers, Released on July 26, 1984 via SOLAR Records.
Élise Lucet (/ɛliːs ljuːˈsɛt/; born 30 May 1963) is a French journalist and television host.
Ivan and Alexandra (Bulgarian: 1952: Иван и Александра, translit. 1952: Ivan i Aleksandra) is a 1989 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ivan Nitchev.
Diana West (born November 8, 1961, Hollywood, California) is a nationally syndicated conservative American columnist and author.
Everybody's in Show-Biz is the eleventh studio album released by English rock group the Kinks, released in 1972.
"KQLX (890 AM, ""890 Ag News"") is a radio station licensed to serve Lisbon, North Dakota."
Okuklje is a village in Croatia.
Aghora is a progressive metal band formed in 1995 by guitarist Santiago Dobles.
Croesyceiliog School (Welsh: Ysgol Croes-y-ceiliog) is a state-funded secondary school in the Croesyceiliog area of Cwmbran, in South Wales, UK.
Nanna Prathigne (Kannada: ನನ್ನ ಪ್ರತಿಜ್ಞೆ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film, directed by K.
Manmadan Ambu (transl. Cupid's Arrow) is a 2010 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by K. S. Ravikumar.
Baminnahennadige Dinakshie Priyasad (Sinhala: දිනක්ෂි ප්‍රියසාද්; born on 18 March 1988) is a Sri Lankan actress and TV presenter.
Kimika Yoshino (吉野公佳, Yoshino Kimika) is a Japanese actress and gravure idol.
Rodgers was born in the Lower East Side, New York City, on September 19, 1952, to Beverly Goodman.
Stoney Stanton is a large village in the Blaby district of Leicestershire, England with a population of over 3,454 in 2001, increasing to 3,793 at the 2011 census.
Mtarnagha is a commune in Sefrou Province, Fès-Meknès, Morocco.
Knut Schreiner (born 18 December 1974 in Bergen, Norway), is a Norwegian singer, musician and producer currently residing in Oslo.
Gencelli, Kuyucak's a village in the District of Kuyucak, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 849 people.
Charlottenlund Castle () is a castle in Ystad Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.
Hideki Mutoh (武藤 英紀, Mutō Hideki, born October 6, 1982) is a Japanese race car driver from Tokyo currently racing in Super GT.
Mike Cave (born Michael Cave on 1 January 1978) is a musician, record producer and mix engineer, whose clients have included The Noisettes, Professor Green, Tinchy Stryder, Elvis Costello, The Charlatans and The Coral.
Die Trying is the only studio album by post-grunge band Die Trying.
Yuryaku Seamount (also called Yuryaku Guyot) is a seamount (underwater volcano) and guyot (flat-topped) located northwest of Hawaii.
Sibel Siber (born 13 December 1960) is a Turkish Cypriot politician.
Springdale School District (also known as, Springdale Public Schools) is the public school district for students of primary and secondary education in Springdale, Arkansas and surrounding areas.
Papam Pasivadu (transl. The poor and innocent child) is a 1972 Telugu-language Indian adventure drama film directed by V. Ramachandra Rao and written by Gollapudi Maruti Rao.
Russell Lynes (Joseph Russell Lynes, Jr.; December 2, 1910 – September 14, 1991) was an American art historian, photographer, author and managing editor of Harper's Magazine.
Visvim is a Japanese menswear brand founded by Hiroki Nakamura in Ura-Harajuku in 2001.
The New Dress is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D.
SpiderOak is a US-based collaboration tool, online backup and file hosting service that allows users to access, synchronize and share data using a cloud-based server, offered by a company of the same name.
Gerhard Richter (German: [ˈʁɪçtɐ]; born 9 February 1932) is a German visual artist.
Alix of Ibelin (1304/1306 & ndash; after 6 August 1386), was Queen consort of Cyprus and nominal Queen consort of Jerusalem as the second wife of King Hugh IV of Cyprus.
power door locks were introduced on the luxury Scripps-Booth in 1914, but were not common on luxury cars until Packard reintroduced them in 1956.
King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table is a novel for children written by Roger Lancelyn Green.
Eutzsch is a village and a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Kemberg.
Pablo Gómez Álvarez (born 1946, in Mexico City) is a Mexican politician.
Air Marshal Boediardjo (16 November 1921 – 15 March 1997 ) was Indonesian Minister of Information (1968 - 1973) for Indonesian First Development Cabinet (Indonesian: Kabinet Pembangunan I).
Conceit is a novel by the Canadian author Mary Novik, published in 2007 by Doubleday Canada.
Blanca Eugenia Viteri Segura (born July 4, 1928 in Guayaquil) is an Ecuadorian novelist, anthologist and teacher.
Radhika Thilak (Malayalam: രാധിക തിലക്, 1969 – 20 September 2015) was an Indian Malayalam-language playback singer. Radhika was married to Suresh since 1992.
Holly Madison (born December 23, 1979) is a model, showgirl, television personality and New York Times best-selling author.
Sim Kee Boon () was one of Singapore's pioneer civil servants - men who worked closely with the Old Guard political leaders and played a key role in the success of Changi Airport and turned the fortunes of Keppel Shipyard around.
Yop created and marketed by Yoplait, is a yogurt drink sold in supermarkets and convenience stores in Belgium, Canada, France, Ireland, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and occasionally in the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and the United States.
Another Life: A Memoir of Other People is an autobiography written by Simon & Schuster publisher Michael Korda and published in the United States in 1999.
Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu is the feature film soundtrack of the 2012 Political Action film of the same name starring Pawan Kalyan, Tamannaah in the lead roles directed by Puri Jagannath.
The first modern vending machines were developed in England in the early 1880s and dispensed postcards.
Maurice Hirsch (born 30 May 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for VfB Gartenstadt. Hirsch is a youth exponent from Hannover 96.
J.K.K. Munirajah College of Technology, also called JKKMCT, located at Gobichettipalayam in the Erode District in the state of Tamil Nadu, India, is a private self-financing engineering institute.
Farah Khan Kunder (born 9 January 1965), née Farah Khan, is an Indian film director, film producer, actress, dancer and choreographer best known for her choreographic dance work in numerous Bollywood films.
Ty Isaac (born October 16, 1994) is a former American football running back. He played college football for the Michigan Wolverines.
Emmett High School is a four-year public secondary school in Emmett, Idaho, the only traditional high school in the Emmett School District #221.
The Teen Idols were a pop punk band originally from Nashville, Tennessee.
right|Helma Neppérus Helma Neppérus (born 21 June 1950 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch politician and former tax inspector and rower.
Old Pine is an EP by British singer-songwriter Ben Howard.
Douglas Walter Belcher VC (15 July 1889 – 3 June 1953) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Belle and Sebastian (French: Belle et Sébastien) is a 2013 French adventure drama film directed by Nicolas Vanier.
Shorgul () is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language political thriller film, set against the backdrop of the 2013 Muzaffarnagar riots; it is directed by Pranav Kumar Singh (P. Singh) The film is produced by 24 FPS film Pvt Ltd.
Yukiya Kitamura (北村 有起哉, Kitamura Yukiya, born April 29, 1974, in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actor represented by Tom company.
She was a mistress of the future Tsar Nicholas II of Russia prior to his marriage, and later the wife of his cousin Grand Duke Andrei Vladimirovich of Russia. She was known in the West as Mathilde Kschessinska or Matilda Kshesinskaya.
Our Girl is a British television military drama series, written and created by Tony Grounds, first broadcast on BBC One on 24 March 2013.
Zandalee is a 1991 American erotic thriller/romantic tragedy directed by Sam Pillsbury and starring Nicolas Cage, Judge Reinhold, Erika Anderson, Viveca Lindfors, Aaron Neville, Joe Pantoliano and Steve Buscemi.
The Princess Diaries, Volume XI: Royal Wedding is a book in the Princess Diaries series. Written by Meg Cabot, it was released on June 2, 2015 by William Morrow and is the first adult installment of the series.
Tap the Red Cane Whirlwind is an album by American blues singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps. It reached number 11 on the Billboard Top Blues Albums.
The Bar at the Crossing () is a 1972 French adventure film directed by Alain Levent.
Surubim is a city in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil.
"Theobald Craschel (1511–1587) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Cologne (1574–1587). ""."
Aharon Gluska (born 1951) is an Israeli–American painter.
Tigdidine (also written Tiguedidine) is a village in the commune of Djamaa, in El Oued Province, Algeria.
Daniel Spagnou (born 22 September 1940 in Barcelonnette, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
Friends in Low Places is Volume II of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven, published in 1965.
Nikos Kalafatis (, born 15 March 1982) is a Greek football player who played for Anagennisi Giannitsa F.C. in the Gamma Ethniki.
Velimir Radman (born 28 May 1983 in Banja Luka) is a Croatian football goalkeeper, who currently plays for NK Lošinj, a club based in Lošinj which competes in 4th Croatian league.
Gornji Miholjac is a village in Croatia.
Pope Liberius (310 – 24 September 366) was the bishop of Rome from 17 May 352 until his death.
Bruce and Pepper Wayne Gacy's Home Movies also known as Home Movies is a short experimental film by Bruce LaBruce NY Times, Movies and TV and Candy Parker.
Dad and Dave Come to Town is a 1938 Australian comedy film directed by Ken G. Hall, the third in the 'Dad and Dave' comedy series starring Bert Bailey.
Desirée Goyette-Bogas (née Goyette) (born September 10, 1956) is an American singer, composer, lyricist and voice-over artist.
Ayşegül Behlivan is a Turkish female Muay Thai and wushu practitioner.
Nothing Left to Fear is the first studio album by Contemporary Christian musician Andy Cherry, released on March 6, 2012 by Essential Records.
Wolf Alice are a British alternative rock band from London.
Maria Aurora Salvagno (born 3 March 1986) is an Italian female sprinter.
Silent Action () is a 1975 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Sergio Martino.
Malicorne 1 is the debut studio album by Malicorne, released in October 1974.
Sir George Turner KCMG PC (8 August 1851 – 13 August 1916) was an Australian politician. He served two terms as Premier of Victoria, holding office from 1894 to 1899 and 1900 to 1901 as a liberal.
The People's Key is the eighth studio album by Bright Eyes, the Nebraska band of Conor Oberst, Mike Mogis, and Nate Walcott.
Deh-e Negari (, also Romanized as Deh-e Negārī) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Brimstone and Treacle is a 1976 BBC television play by Dennis Potter.
Martin Temenliev (Bulgarian: Мартин Теменлиев; born 7 September 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Chernomorets Burgas.
In Evil Hour (Spanish: La mala hora) is a novel by Colombian writer Gabriel García Márquez, first published (in an edition disowned by the author) in 1962.
The Kwee family is a Singaporean family that owns the Pontiac Land Group, a privately held luxury real estate developer and hotel owner based in Singapore. The Kwee brothers Kwee Liong Keng, Kwee Liong Tek, Kwee Liong Seen and Kwee Liong Phing collectively run the group.
Street is the fifth studio album by German singer Nina Hagen released on July 23, 1991 by Mercury Records.
Egni Analia Almirón Eckert, simply known as Egni Eckert or Egny Eckert, is a beauty queen contestant from Paraguay who represented her country in the Miss World 2010 pageant held in Sanya, China, placing among the Top 25 finalists.
Maurice Carter (24 April 1913 in London, England & ndash; April 2000 in London, England Brian McFarlane The Encyclopedia of British Film, BFI/Methuen, 2003, p109 ) was a British production designer.
""" Can't Stop Lovin' You "" is a song by American hard rock band Van Halen."
Kelly Wenham (born 28 November 1983) is an English actress, director, screenwriter and comedian.
Joseph Wood Krutch (/kruːtʃ/; November 25, 1893 – May 22, 1970) was an American writer, critic, and naturalist who wrote nature books on the American Southwest and developing a pantheistic philosophy.
Yamna Carolina Lobos Astorga (born February 26, 1983) is a popular Chilean dancer, television host, and actress. Yamna Lobos began her career as a child.
Kazimierz Plater (Broel-Plater) (3 March 1915, Vilna – 30 April 2004, Warsaw) was a Polish chess master. Born into an aristocratic family in Vilnius, he studied in Warsaw where he won the Warsaw County Chess Championship in 1934.
The Liar (Italian: Il bugiardo) is a comedy by Carlo Goldoni.
"Pazzo d'amore (meaning "" Madly in love "" ) is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Giacomo Gentilomo and starring Renato Rascel."
KCLI (1320 AM) is a radio station licensed to Clinton, Oklahoma, United States.
A Piece of Cake is a 1948 British fantasy comedy film directed by John Irwin and starring and co-written by the husband and wife team of Cyril Fletcher and Betty Astell as well as Laurence Naismith and Jon Pertwee.
The 2010 European Table Tennis Championships was held in Ostrava, Czech Republic from 11–19 October 2010.
Howard Pease (September 6, 1894–April 14, 1974) was an American writer of adventure stories from Stockton, California.
Freedom Flyer is a Vekoma Suspended Family Coaster at Fun Spot America.
Yeon Gaesomun (연개소문; 淵蓋蘇文) is the title of a television historical drama.
The Classical Style: Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven is a book by the American pianist and author Charles Rosen.
Waiting is a 1999 novel by Chinese-American author Ha Jin which won the National Book Award that year.
Hurricane Hilda was a strong Category 3 hurricane that was the second in a succession of three hurricanes to strike near Tampico, Mexico.
Sons of Ingmar (Swedish: Ingmarssönerna), also released in the United Kingdom under the title Dawn of Love, is a 1919 Swedish drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
Farmerphile: The Magazine of Philip José Farmer was a quarterly digest-sized magazine which published fiction and non-fiction by and about science fiction and fantasy author Philip José Farmer.
Fabio Reinhart (born March 23, 1942 in Bellinzona) Swiss architect.
Aiguebelle is a former commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
NGC 177 is an unbarred spiral galaxy with a distinct ring structure, located around 200 million light-years away in the constellation Cetus.
The USTA Men's Clay Courts of Tampa is a defunct tennis tournament that was played on the Grand Prix tennis circuit from 1991–1993.
Li Hualin (; born October 1962) is a Chinese oil and gas executive, and former deputy general manager of China National Petroleum Corporation and PetroChina.
The Trap (), also known as Collector's Item, Dead Fright and The Cage, is a 1985 erotic thriller directed by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi (his last theatrical film), and starring Tony Musante, Laura Antonelli, and Florinda Bolkan.
Corazón is the twenty-third studio album (thirty-seventh album overall) by Santana, released on May 6, 2014.
Sayre Area High School is a rural combined junior–senior high school in Sayre, Pennsylvania, that serves two noncontiguous areas of Bradford County: Litchfield Township and the boroughs of Sayre and South Waverly.
The Hello Kimberly Tour was the third headlining concert tour by American recording artist K. Michelle.
Wenzel Gährich (16 September 1794 in Cerhovice, Bohemia – 15 September 1864 in Berlin) was a German violinist and composer.
Varnam is a 2011 Indian Tamil drama film directed by Raju S. M., starring Giridharan, Monica, Sampath Raj, Aathish, Aswatha and Vijay Sethupathi in the lead roles.
Kulin Kłodzki [ˈkulin ˈkwɔt͡ski] (German: Keilendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Kutladampatti Falls is a waterfall located in the village of Kutladampatti near Vadipatti in Madurai district about northwest of Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India.
Edge of Seventeen is a 1998 coming of age romantic comedy-drama film directed by David Moreton, written by Moreton and Todd Stephens, starring Chris Stafford, and co-starring Tina Holmes and Andersen Gabrych.
Altamont McKenzie (born Kingston) is a retired Jamaican football (soccer) defender who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the American Soccer League.
Burgruine Liebenfels is a castle in Carinthia, Austria.
Où ça nous mène is the debut studio album by French singer-songwriter Isleym.
Thunder Bay is a 1953 American adventure film distributed by Universal International, produced by Aaron Rosenberg, directed by Anthony Mann, and stars James Stewart, Joanne Dru, Gilbert Roland, and Dan Duryea.
Falcão was born in Abelardo Luz, in the state of Santa Catarina of Southern Brazil. His father is Brazilian and his mother Azize has Italian origins, from Calabria.
The Lost City of the Jedi is the second book of the Jedi Prince series by Paul Davids and Hollace Davids, and was released in June 1992.
Mascoutah Community High School is a high school in Mascoutah, Illinois.
Mala Loka pri Višnji Gori (pronounced [ˈmaːla ˈloːka pɾi ˈʋiːʃnji ˈɡɔːɾi]; German: Kleinlack) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.
Milap is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by B. The film stars Shatrughan Sinha, Danny Denzongpa and Reena Roy.
Hadishahr (Persian: هاديشهر‎; also Romanized as Hādīshahr, Hādī Shahr, Gargar, Alamdar) is a city in the Central District of Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Bangladesh International Recovery Developments, also known as BIRD , based in Bangladesh and United Kingdom, is one of the first and few youth-based Bangladeshi students communities and non-profit organisation, established in December 2011.
Gladiator-at-Law was serialized in Galaxy Science Fiction in 1954, illustrated by Ed Emshwiller Gladiator-At-Law is a satirical science fiction novel by American writers Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth.
WMNA-FM (106.3 FM) is a talk radio-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Gretna, Virginia, serving Gretna, Chatham and Northern Pittsylvania County.
Vertical Love (Spanish: Amor vertical) is a 1997 Cuban comedy film directed by Arturo Sotto Díaz.
Mako Veronica Ljosnes (born November 20, 1997 in Oslo, Norway), is a Norwegian circus performer, currently working as an entertainer in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The Silver Anniversary Collection is a 2CD compilation by the English hard rock band Whitesnake, released in 2003.
Time Tripping All Music Guide, Time Tripping is an album (LP Vinyl) released by the Fullerton College Jazz Band for the Discovery Records Trend AM-PM label, it became the Down Beat Magazine 1st Place Award Winner in the College Big Band Jazz category for 1983.
Naples Sings (Italian: ...e Napoli canta!) is a 1953 Italian musical melodrama film directed by Armando Grottini, starring Virna Lisi.
Lovedolls Superstar is a soundtrack album to accompany the film of the same name by Dave Markey.
Kaspars Bērziņš (born August 25, 1985) is a Latvian professional basketball player for VEF Rīga of the VTB United League.
Grandine il vento is the 13th studio album by the English progressive rock band Renaissance, first released in 2013 and re-released as Symphony of Light in 2014.
Mohammed Chhel (Gujarati: મોહમ્મદ છેલ, Hindi: मोहम्मद छेल) originally a fakir (mystic) was a renowned magician of Saurashtra, Gujarat.
Xie Yuxin (simplified Chinese: 谢育新; traditional Chinese: 謝育新; pinyin: Xiè Yùxīn; Jyutping: Che6 Yuk6 San1; born 12 October 1968 in Xingning, Guangdong) is a retired Chinese international footballer.
The Perfect Husband is the debut feature film of Priya Singh Paul, an Indian-Jewish filmmaker.
The RD-119 (GRAU Index 8D710) was a liquid rocket engine, burning liquid oxygen and UDMH in the Gas Generator cycle.
Ashcroft at Kåkånomics in Norway in 2019 Ross Ashcroft is a British filmmaker, broadcaster and entrepreneur.
Fischbach (English: fish brook) is one of six administrative subdivisions of the town of Kelkheim in the Main-Taunus district of Germany.
Colorado Pioneers is a 1945 American Western film in the Red Ryder film series directed by R.
Noalejo is a city located in the province of Jaén, Spain. According to the 2005 census (INE), the city has a population of 2155 inhabitants.
Geneina Airport is an airport serving Geneina, in the Darfur region of Sudan.
"Canne mozze ( "" Sawed-off Shotgun "" ) is a 1977 Italian crime-thriller film written and directed by Mario Imperoli."
Grasque is the third studio album by Copenhagen-based Danish chamber pop band Choir of Young Believers, released on February 19, 2016 on Ghostly International in the United States and on Tigerspring in Europe.
Andrew St. John (born July 9, 1982, in Millinocket, Maine) is an American actor, having portrayed Kyle Ratcliffe on ABC's soap opera General Hospital during the 2003 season.
Passenger (Polish: Pasażerka) is a 1963 Polish feature film directed by Andrzej Munk.
Laranjada is a carbonated orange flavour soft drink that is produced and distributed by the Empresa de Cervejas da Madeira, which is owned by the Pestana Group.
Seventy-First Classical Middle School (SFCMS) is a middle school within the Cumberland County district. It is located at 6830 Raeford Road in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
Człuchów railway station is a railway station serving the town of Człuchów, in the Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland. The station is located on the Chojnice–Runowo Pomorskie railway and Człuchów–Słosinko railway.
Oddzar is an American rock band formed in 1999 in Columbia, Maryland. Their original line-up consisted of high school friends Russ Eckell (vocals), David Nenner (guitar), Travis Lockhart (bass), and Blake Silvea (drums).
Band of Horses is an American rock band formed in 2004 in Seattle by Ben Bridwell.
Víctor Erice Aras (Spanish: [eˈɾiθe]; born 30 June 1940) is a Spanish film director.
Shivam Patil is an Indian actor, dancer and socio-political activist.
Therfield School is a mixed comprehensive school educating pupils aged 11–18 in Leatherhead, Surrey, England.
In the wild, the Greater rhea has a life expectancy of 10.5 years.
Pandemonium is the third studio album by Cavalera Conspiracy.
Peng Shaoxiong (simplified Chinese: 彭绍雄; traditional Chinese: 彭紹雄; pinyin: Péng Shàoxióng; born 27 May 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for China League Two side Meizhou Wuhua.
Ratowo-Leśniczówka (Polish pronunciation: [raˈtɔvɔ lɛɕɲiˈtʂufka]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Hit-Monkey is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Red Road is a 1993 Country music album by Native American singer Bill Miller (musician).
The Best Of Exodus: Lessons in Violence is a compilation album by thrash metal band Exodus.
Chipman Forest Avenue School is a school located in Chipman, New Brunswick.
Maksym Kovalyov (, born 20 March 1989) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Inhulets Petrove. He is product of FC Stal Alchevsk and FC Shakhtar Donetsk sportive schools.
City Under the Sea (released as War-Gods of the Deep in the US) is a 1965 Bristish-American adventure horror science fiction film. It was directed by Jacques Tourneur (his final film) and starred Vincent Price, Tab Hunter, Susan Hart and David Tomlinson.
Skylarking is the debut studio album by Horace Andy.
Live at the Bimhuis Set 1 & 2 is a 2005 live album by jazz trumpeter Dave Douglas.
The coat of arms of the Family von Hillenbrand Franz von Hillenbrand was a Roman Catholic German aristocrat. He was born in Zolochiv, c. 1801, the Polish city that time was part of the Holy Roman Empire.
Yge Visser (born 29 July 1963, Den Haag, Netherlands) is a Dutch chess Grandmaster (2006).
KCAT (1340 AM, Praise AM 1340) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel music format. Licensed to Pine Bluff, Arkansas, United States.
Tamworth Enterprise College (formerly Belgrave High School) is a secondary school with academy status in Tamworth, Staffordshire, which pupils attend from the ages of 11 to 16 years old.
The Origin of the Milky Way is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance master Jacopo Tintoretto, in the National Gallery, London, formerly in the Orleans Collection. It is an oil painting on canvas, and dates from ca.1575–1580.
Three Fingered Jenny is a 1916 American silent short mystery directed by Edward LeSaint written by Harvey Gates.
Up & Away is the debut studio album by American rapper Kid Ink.
Syed Mohammed Saeed Raza (1890 – 1963) was a Muslim professor and scholar.
Mehrdad Mohammadi (Persian: مهرداد محمدی‎; born September 29, 1993) is an Iranian football Winger who currently plays for Portuguese football club Desportivo Aves in the Primeira Liga.
Shaukeen is a 1982 Bollywood comedy film directed by Basu Chatterjee dealing with the psychological aspects of people reaching the dusk of their life.
David (Dave) Meads (born 3 August 1981), known professionally as Scroobius Pip, is an English spoken word poet, hip hop recording artist, and podcaster from Stanford-le-Hope, Essex.
Don Martín García Óñez de Loyola (1549 in Azpeitia, Gipuzkoa – December 24, 1598 at Curalaba) was a Spanish Basque soldier and Royal Governor of the Captaincy General of Chile.
Talitiga Crawley (born 29 August 1991 in Moto'otua) is a Samoan taekwondo practitioner.
PrimeFaces is an open-source user interface (UI) component library for JavaServer Faces-based applications, created by Turkish company PrimeTek Informatics.
Sicap-Liberté is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal.
White Teeth is a 2002 British four-part television drama miniseries based on the novel of the same name written by Zadie Smith.
Ancient Society is an 1877 book by the American anthropologist Lewis H. Morgan.
Tomohiro Nishimura (西村 朋紘, Nishimura Tomohiro, born February 2, 1961) is a Japanese actor, voice actor, singer-songwriter, theatre director and sound director.
Noel Peyton (born Dublin, Ireland; 4 December 1935) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as an inside left for Shamrock Rovers, Leeds United and York City, and for the Republic of Ireland national football team.
John Anthony West (July 9, 1932 – February 6, 2018) was an American author, lecturer, guide and a proponent of the Sphinx water erosion hypothesis.
Sung Jong-hyun (born April 2, 1979) is a South Korean retired football player. He formerly played for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo, Shenyang Dongjin and Goyang KB Kookmin Bank FC.
St Edmund's School, Canterbury is an independent day and boarding school located in Canterbury, Kent, England and established in 1749.
"WKFE (1550 AM, ""Radio Café 1550"") is a radio station licensed to serve Yauco, Puerto Rico."
Hugh Sutherland was the head coach of the Central Michigan college football program in 1908.
Bo-Dyn Bobsled Project, Inc. is a bobsled constructor, founded in 1992 by former NASCAR driver and 1986 Daytona 500 winner Geoff Bodine, to collaborate in the design, manufacture and supply of U.S.-built racing sleds for the United States Bobsled and Skeleton Federation (USBSF).
Sroczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Peignot (pronounced Pen-yoe) is a sans-serif display typeface, designed by the poster artist A. M. Cassandre in 1937.
High Tide is a 1987 Australian drama film starring Judy Davis, from a script by Laura Jones, about the mother-daughter bond, directed by Gillian Armstrong.
KXWA (101.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Centennial, Colorado, United States.
Shara Proctor (born 16 September 1988) is a British jumper born in Anguilla.
Judith Guest (born March 29, 1936) is an American novelist and screenwriter.
Twyla Tharp (/ˈtwaɪlə ˈθɑːrp/; born July 1, 1941) is an American dancer, choreographer, and author who lives and works in New York City.
Wang Feng (Chinese: 汪峰; born 29 June 1971 in Beijing) is a Chinese rock musician and composer.
Early Doors is a BBC sitcom written by Craig Cash and Phil Mealey who also appear in the series playing best friends Joe and Duffy.
Robert van Gulik was born in Zutphen, the son of a medical officer in the Dutch army of what was then called the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia).
The Land of Sunshine was a magazine published in Los Angeles, California, between 1894 and 1923.
Judith Evelyn (born Judith Evelyn Morris, March 20, 1909 – May 7, 1967) was an American-Canadian stage and film actress who appeared in around 50 films and television series.
Zerograd () is a 1989 Russian mystery film directed by Karen Shakhnazarov.
WBRK (1340 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
Nový Kramolín is a village and municipality (obec) in Domažlice District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.
Qonliko‘l District (, ) is a district of Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan.
The Cat Burglar is a 1961 American crime film directed by William Witney and starring Jack Hogan, June Kenney and John Baer.
Origin Jazz Library is an independent record label established by Bill Givens and Pete Whelan in 1960 to reissue blues from the 1920s and 1930s.
Lots of Luck is a 1985 American made-for-television comedy film produced by Walt Disney Television starring Martin Mull and Annette Funicello, directed by Peter Baldwin.
Makoto Azuma (東 信, Azuma Makoto, born July 24, 1976) is a Japanese flower artist, botanical sculptor, and co-founder of JARDINS des FLEURS.
Antron Brown (born March 1, 1976) is an American drag racer, currently driving the Matco Tools Top Fuel dragster for Don Schumacher Racing in NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series.
Bravehearts are an East Coast hip hop group from New York, New York. The group's roster originally included Jungle (born Jabari Jones, son of jazz trumpeter Olu Dara, and younger brother of hip hop star Nas), Wiz (born Mike Epps), and Horse (born E. Gray).
Yamilson Alexis Rivera Hurtado (born June 18, 1989 in Tumaco, Nariño, Colombia), known as Yamilson Rivera, is a professional Colombian footballer who currently plays for Envigado.
Club Daze Volume 1: The Studio Sessions is a compilation album of Twisted Sister's early studio recordings from music tracks dating back to 1978 to 1981.
Bernie Wijesekara (1930 – 1 October 2014) was a senior sports journalist in Sri Lanka.
Evgenii Shvetcov (born 28 February 1988) is a Paralympian track and field athlete from Russia competing mainly in category T36 sprint and middle-distance events.
Santovenia de la Valdoncina () is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.
Pandora's Box () is a 2008 Turkish drama film directed by Yeşim Ustaoğlu.
Perses (/ˈpɜːrsiz/; Ancient Greek: Πέρσης) was the son of the Titan Crius and Eurybia.
Smalle Ee (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌsmɑlə ˈʔeː]; West Frisian: Smelle Ie) is the smallest village in Smallingerland municipality in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.
The Night Listener is a 2006 American psychological thriller film directed by Patrick Stettner and starring Robin Williams.
The Shadowers is a novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1964, continuing the exploits of assassin Matt Helm.
CKAG-FM is a french language First Nations community radio station that operates at 100.1 FM in Pikogan, Quebec, Canada.
Bohuslav Šťastný (born April 23, 1949 in Chotěboř, Czechoslovakia, now Czech Republic) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga.
Rembrandt's J'Accuse is a 2008 Dutch, German and Finnish documentary film directed by Peter Greenaway about criticism of today's visual illiteracy argued by means of a forensic search of Rembrandt's painting The Night Watch.
Jay Farrar (born December 26, 1966) is an American songwriter and musician currently based in St. Louis. A member of two critically acclaimed music groups, Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt, he began his solo music career in 2001.
"""Year 3000"" is a song performed by British pop punk band Busted."
KBQF is a class A radio station broadcasting to McFarland, California.
XHYN-FM is a radio station on 102.9 FM in Oaxaca, Oaxaca.
Kameņeca Manor (, , ) is a manor house in Jaunaglonā, Aglona Parish, Aglona Parish in the historical region of Latgale, in Latvia.
Beck – Sjukhusmorden (English: Beck – The Hospital Murders) is a 2015 Swedish film in the Martin Beck film series, directed by Stephan Apelgren.
The Jacoby family moved from to Western Australia in 1891, and Mathieson Jacoby (who had worked for the Telegraph Department in South Australia) initially gained work in Perth as an agent for Adelaide firms.
Mr. Lucky is a 1943 romance film directed by H.C. Potter, starring Cary Grant and Laraine Day.
Blood of Bacchus is the third studio album by gothic/doom metal band, Ava Inferi.
Tranquilino Luna (February 25, 1849 – November 20, 1892) was a Delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the Territory of New Mexico.
Belvidere North High School is the second high school in Belvidere, Illinois and part of the Belvidere Community Unit School District 100.
"""Black Betty"" (Roud 11668) is a 20th-century African-American work song often credited to Huddie ""Lead Belly"" Ledbetter as the author, though the earliest recordings are not by him."
Rottet Studio is an international architecture and design firm based in Houston, Texas. The firm was founded by Lauren Rottet in 2008 and has offices in Los Angeles, California, New York City, New York, as well as a presence in Asia in Hong Kong and Shanghai, China.
Pacientka Dr. Hegla is a 1940 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Otakar Vávra.
The Brasso Formation is a geologic formation in Trinidad and Tobago.
Kindlestown Castle is a castle and a National Monument in Delgany, Ireland.
Aisa Yeh Jahaan () is a 2015 Indian drama film, directed and written by Biswajeet Bora and produced by Maya Kholie.
Princess Elisabeth of Waldeck and Pyrmont (; 6 September 187323 November 1961) was the youngest daughter of George Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and wife of Alexander, 2nd Prince of Erbach-Schönberg.
With Andrew on board the fivesome headed to the studio and recorded their first full length album A Chorus of Obliteration.
Back in the Saddle is the fifth and final studio album by American country music artist Chris Cagle.
Alan Harvey Guth (/ɡuːθ/; born February 27, 1947) is an American theoretical physicist and cosmologist.
Qaleh-ye Molla Bandar (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Mollā Bandar) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
The Nationalliga A is the highest league level of American football in Switzerland and made up of six teams and was formed in 1982.
Milecastle 48 (Poltross Burn), is a milecastle on Hadrian's Wall (grid reference NY6340666195).
Nowy Buczek [ˈnɔvɨ ˈbut͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Tahlia Tupaea (born 1 June 1997) is an Australian basketball player for the Sydney Uni Flames in the Women's National Basketball League.
Empire is an American historical television series for ABC. It is an historical drama set in 44 BC Rome, and covers the struggle of a young Octavius (Santiago Cabrera), the nephew and heir of Julius Caesar, to become the first emperor of Rome.
Bjørn Bjørnson (15 November 1859 – 14 May 1942) was a Norwegian stage actor and theatre director. He was born in Christiania, the son of author Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson and his wife Karoline Bjørnson.
State Times is an Indian English language daily newspaper from the state of Jammu & Kashmir.
The Ultimate Accessory (French: 100% cachemire) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Valérie Lemercier.
Sansa is a 2003 French film directed by Siegfried, starring Roschdy Zem.
Olavina Udugore () is a 1987 Indian Kannada language film directed, written and co-produced by D.
""" Nobody in His Right Mind Would've Left Her "" is a song written by Dean Dillon, and recorded by American country music singer George Strait."
Georgi Manchev (Bulgarian: Георги Манчев) (born (1990-07-20)20 July 1990) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player.
Sirens of the Caribbean, originally released as Bad Girl Island, is a 2007 film directed by Stewart Raffill and starring AnnaLynne McCord and Ashley Anderson.
Charles Reibel (29 December 1882 – 26 June 1966) was a French lawyer and politician who was a deputy from 1919 to 1935 and senator from 1936 to 1944.
Behind the Levee is the sixth studio album by The Subdudes, released in 2006.
Life Is People is the fourth studio album by English singer, pianist and songwriter Bill Fay, released by Dead Oceans in August 2012.
Esimene Eesti tuur (First Estonian tour) is the second live album by Estonian rock band Smilers.
Katinka (, ) is a 1988 Danish-Swedish drama film directed by Max von Sydow and starring Tammi Øst.
Cacolo Airport is a public use airport north of Cacolo, in Lunda Sul Province, Angola.
Valeria Sarmiento (born 29 October 1948) is a film editor, director and screenwriter best known for her work in France, Portugal and her native Chile.
"KQSS (101.9 FM, "" Gila 101.9 "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Miami, Arizona, United States."
Danie Mellor (born 13 April 1971) is an Australian artist who was the winner of the 2009 National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award.
Emanuel Barbara OFM Cap (27 October 1949 – 5 January 2018) was a Maltese bishop who served as the Bishop of Malindi in Kenya.
Alfred Lind (1879–1959) was a Danish cinematographer, screenwriter and film director of the silent era.
Gandhi Institute of Engineering and Technology University (GIET University)(Odia: ଗାନ୍ଧୀ ଯାନ୍ତ୍ରିକ ଓ ପ୍ରୌଦ୍ୟୋଗିକ ବିଶ୍ୱବିଦ୍ୟାଳୟ, ଗୁଣୁପୁର) is a university located at Gunupur, in the state of Odisha, India.
Bush Pilot: Reflections on a Canadian Myth is a 22-minute Canadian documentary film, made in 1980 by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and directed by Norma Bailey and Robert Lower.
Black Wings () is a 1963 Polish drama film directed by Ewa Petelska and Czesław Petelski.
BNS Abu Bakar is a Type 053H2 guided-missile frigate of the Bangladesh Navy.
Guido Guerrini (born 12 January 1976 in Arezzo, Italy) Guido Guerrini in openpolis.it.
"Perrier's Bounty is a 2009 Irish black comedy crime film set in modern-day Dublin. Described as an ""urban western"" by its director Ian Fitzgibbon, it stars Brendan Gleeson as the villainous title character, as well as Cillian Murphy and Jim Broadbent as son and father."
Zsuzsa Koncz (, born 7 March 1946, Pély) is a Hungarian pop singer, whose lyrics (mostly written by János Bródy) were sometimes highly critical of the country's pre-1990 political system.
The National Nuclear Energy Commission (; CNEN) is the Brazilian government agency responsible for orientation, planning, supervision, and control of the Brazil's nuclear program.
American Threnody is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Robert Rex Jackson.
CBWK-FM is the callsign of the CBC Radio One station in Thompson, Manitoba.
Chal Chuq (Persian: چالچوق‎, also Romanized as Chāl Chūq) is a village in Abharrud Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.
The Development Management Institute is a public business school in Patna, Bihar, India.
Paavo Hukkinen (27 October 1911 in Hanover, Germany – 7 June 1988 in Helsinki) was a German-Finnish actor.
"""Voices in the Sky"" is a hit 1968 single by the progressive rock band the Moody Blues, and it was written by their lead guitarist Justin Hayward."
Henrik Lundgaard (born 26 February 1969) is a Danish rally driver.
Fish Hooky is a 1933 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F.
Chitlan (, also Romanized as Chītlān) is a village in Zanjireh Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardavol County, Ilam Province, Iran.
Yosl Bergner (Hebrew: יוסל ברגנר‎; 13 October 1920 – 18 January 2017), also known as Josl, was an Israeli painter.
Gheorghe Șincai National College () is a public day high school for grades 9 to 12 in Baia Mare, Romania, attended by some 900 pupils aged 14 to 19.
Mira Shaq (Arabic: ميرا سحاق‎) is a Syrian village located in Harem Nahiyah in Harem District, Idlib.
"William ""Will"" Oldham (born January 15, 1970), better known by the stage name Bonnie ""Prince"" Billy, is an American singer-songwriter and actor."
The Blood of a Poet (French: Le sang d'un poète) (1930) is an avant-garde film directed by Jean Cocteau, financed by Charles de Noailles and starring Enrique Riveros, a Chilean actor who had a successful career in European films.
Kim Yoon-seo (born Kim Ga-eun on March 28, 1986) is a South Korean actress.
Bampela is a village in the Tenkodogo Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 635.
"""Breathe"" is a song by English band the Prodigy. It was released in November 1996 as the second single from the album The Fat of the Land."
"Carlos Jose ""Caloy"" Garcia is a Filipino professional basketball coach of the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association. Caloy Garcia was born to a Spanish father who is from Malaga."
Valcabado is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 339 inhabitants.
William Buzaglo was an 18th-century self-proclaimed English inventor.
Vera-Ellen Westmeier Rohe was born in Norwood, Ohio (a suburb of Cincinnati), to Martin F. Rohe, a piano dealer, and Alma Catherine Westmeier.
Erumamunda is a small village located near Nilambur in Malappuram district of Kerala, India.
He was born in Carlisle, the second son of William Darling of Edinburgh. He was educated firstly at James Gillespie's School then Daniel Stewart's College and Heriot-Watt College.
Sir William Mulock Secondary School is an Ontario secondary school located at 705 Columbus Way, off Mulock Drive in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada.
Westworld is an American science fiction-thriller media franchise, which began in 1973 with the release of the film Westworld, written and directed by Michael Crichton.
Héctor Cuadros (born March 20, 1983 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican soccer midfielder. Chivas USA.
Chahnez Al-M'barki (also Chahnez M'barki, ; born June 12, 1981) is a Tunisian judoka, who played for the extra-lightweight category.
"Vildanden AS (""The Wild Duck"") was a virtual, regional airline based at Skien Airport, Geiteryggen in Norway, where it was the only airline."
"Evolution is the sixth studio album by guitarist Tony MacAlpine, released on October 10, 1995 through Shrapnel Records. ""."
Aleksandr Igorevich Kozhevnikov (; born 18 April 1990) is a Russian professional football official and a former player. He is currently a scout with FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk.
Blake Dean (born 15 September 1987 in Bathurst, New South Wales) is an Australian cricketer.
Słup-Kolonia [ˈswup kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Nessim Gaon (Arabic: نسيم جاعون‎,) (born 1922, in Khartoum, Sudan) is a Swiss financier who created the Noga SA.
"Erica Lord is an American artist who identifies herself as a mixed-race ""cultural limbo.""."
Drury University, formerly Drury College and originally Springfield College, is a private liberal arts college in Springfield, Missouri.
Pickerington High School Central is a public high school in Pickerington, Ohio.
Arde el Cielo (English: The Sky Burns) is the third live album by the Mexican Latin Pop/Rock band Maná.
""" Only When I Love "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Holly Dunn."
Sorushk (Persian: سروشك‎, also Romanized as Sorūshk) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Ngarrabullgan (also Njrrabulgan, Nurrabullgan, Ngarrabullgin, or Nguddaboolgan), officially named Mount Mulligan by the State, is a large tabletop mountain (18 km by 6.5 km) located 100 kilometres west of Cairns in the north of Queensland (Australia).
Golden Bell Award for Best Variety Programme (Chinese: 電視金鐘獎綜藝節目獎) is one of the categories of the competition for the Taiwanese television production, Golden Bell Awards.
"KYNS (1340 AM, "" Alt 100.9 "" ) is a commercial radio station that is licensed to San Luis Obispo, California, United States and serves the San Luis Obispo area."
Kempatti is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka, India.
Uttara (English: The Wrestlers, Bengali: উত্তরা) is a 2000 Bengali language drama film thriller directed by Bengali poet Buddhadev Dasgupta.
Under the Frog is British-born Hungarian writer Tibor Fischer's debut novel, it was published in 1992.
Andrej Zdravič (born 2 February 1952 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian independent filmmaker, sound and media artist.
Alpha Kappa Delta (ΑΚΔ) is an International Honor Society of Sociology.
The San Diego Formation is a geologic formation in southwestern San Diego County in southern California (United States), and northwestern Baja California (México).
""" Keep the Car Running "" is a song by Canadian indie rock band Arcade Fire."
David Bell (born June 20, 1981) is an American professional basketball player for Phoenix Brussels. Eurobasket.com profile Formerly, Bell played college basketball for the Montana Grizzlies basketball team and is playing professional since 2004.
Crypt Chambers Thomas Mainwaring Penson (1818–64) was an English surveyor and architect.
KOZZ-FM (105.7 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Reno, Nevada.
White Mountains Community College (WMCC) is a public community college with its main campus in Berlin, New Hampshire, and academic centers in Littleton and North Conway.
Once Upon a Time in China III is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film written, produced and directed by Tsui Hark, starring Jet Li as Chinese martial arts master and folk hero of Cantonese ethnicity, Wong Fei-hung.
Asif Sinan (Urdu: آصف سنان) is a Pakistani Pakistan Number1 Jazzical guitarist and singer. He is known for blending Indian classical music with jazz, and playing a guitar in the style of a sitar.
The Birchbark House is a 1999 indigenous juvenile realistic fiction novel by Louise Erdrich, and is the first book in a five book series known as The Birchbark series.
Giancarlo Badessi, (born Giancarlo Badese; September 21, 1928 in Lecco & ndash; December 6, 2011 in Rome) was an Italian actor.
Shentalinsky District (Russian: Шентали́нский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-seven in Samara Oblast, Russia.
Varnhem is a locality situated in Skara Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 707 inhabitants in 2010.
Galson Laboratories is an industrial hygiene and indoor air quality testing company. It was founded in 1970 by Allen Galson.
Commandos is a war film starring Lee Van Cleef and Jack Kelly and directed by Armando Crispino.
Sinoševići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 200 people.
Scott MacLeod (born May 17, 1959) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, MacLeod played junior hockey in the Western Hockey League with the Brandon Wheat Kings, New Westminster Bruins, and Calgary Wranglers.
The Capture is a 1950 drama film directed by John Sturges, starring Lew Ayres, Teresa Wright, Victor Jory and Jacqueline White.
Catherine Elizabeth Middleton was born at the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading on 9 January 1982 into an upper-middle-class family. She has a younger sister, Pippa, and a younger brother, James.
Thingy is an American indie rock band formed after the dissolution of Heavy Vegetable in 1995, by Heavy Vegetable veterans Rob Crow and Eléa Tenuta.
Near the Beginning (ATCO Records 33–278) is the fourth album by the American psychedelic rock band Vanilla Fudge.
Misselberg is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Tao Zhiyue (Chinese: 陶峙岳; pinyin: Táo Zhìyuè; Wade–Giles: T'ao Chih-yüeh; 1892 – 26 December 1988) was a lieutenant general of the National Revolutionary Army of the Republic of China, and a full general of the People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China.
Advanced Research Centre for Bamboo and Rattan (ARCBR) Aizawl was established in 2004 as an advanced research centre under the Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education, Dehradun.
Lyudmila Fedotova (born 23 April 1986) is a female skier from Kazakhstan.
Alentisque is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality had a population of 43 inhabitants.
Le Mars Municipal Airport (IATA: LRJ, ICAO: KLRJ, FAA LID: LRJ) is a city-owned public-use airport located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) southwest of the central business district of Le Mars, a city in Plymouth County, Iowa, United States.
Harry Weber (born 1942 St. Louis, Missouri) is an American sculptor.
CHBY-FM is a radio station which broadcasts a classic hits/adult contemporary format on the frequency of 106.5 MHz in Barry's Bay, Ontario, Canada.
Ceredig ap Cunedda (died 453), king of Ceredigion, may have been born c. 420 in the Brythonic kingdom of Manaw Gododdin (modern Lothian in Scotland), centred on the Firth of Forth in the area known as Yr Hen Ogledd.
July Talk is a Canadian alternative rock band formed in 2012 in Toronto, Ontario. The band consists of singers Peter Dreimanis and Leah Fay, guitarist Ian Docherty, bassist Josh Warburton, and drummer Danny Miles.
Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
"""Kin"" is a science fiction short story by American writer Bruce McAllister, originally published in the February 2006 issue of the Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine."
The Mighty Death Pop! is the twelfth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse, released on August 14, 2012.
On March 8, 2005, Jim Judd was asked by Canadian Senator David Paul Smith about whether Canadian mosques were being monitored by CSIS, to which Judd replied that he was unaware of any such policy.
Carnival of Fear is a 1993 fantasy horror novel by J.
Tarnowo Podgórne is an urbanized village in Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Chen Mingyi (; born August 1940) is a politician in the People's Republic of China.
Birth Story: Ina May Gaskin and the Farm Midwives is a 2012 documentary film about Ina May Gaskin directed by Sara Lamm and Mary Wigmore and starring Ina May Gaskin.
Prince Andrew of Yugoslavia (Serbian Cyrillic: Андреј Карађорђевић; 28 June 1929 – 7 May 1990) was the youngest child of King Alexander I of Yugoslavia (1888–1934) and Maria of Yugoslavia (1900–1961).
At the BBC is a live box set containing three CDs and a DVD by alternative rock band Siouxsie and the Banshees, released in June 2009 by record label Universal International.
Aghbargai Khullah () is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.
Après is the sixteenth studio album by American rock singer Iggy Pop.
Drawing Restraint 9 is a 2005 film project by visual artist Matthew Barney consisting of a feature-length film, large-scale sculptures, photographs, drawings, and books.
Come is an American alternative rock band, formed in Boston by Thalia Zedek (vocals, guitar), Chris Brokaw (guitar, vocals), Arthur Johnson (drums), and Sean O'Brien (bass).
Kanyaadaanam is a 1976 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Hariharan and produced by C. C. Baby. The film stars Prem Nazir, Madhu, Sharada and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles.
Rebecca Gayle Howell (born August 10, 1975 in Lexington, Kentucky) is an American writer and translator.
Revy Rosalia (born 9 December 1982, in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Netherlands Antilles footballer.
Fereti Luki Gosche (born 13 January 1986) in Samoa is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kiwi FC.
KJAY (1430 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station in Sacramento, California.
Mira Lesmana (born 8 August 1964) is an Indonesian film director, producer and songwriter.
Doxology is the seventh studio album by Aaron Shust.
Teenage Jesus and the Jerks is a compilation album by Teenage Jesus and the Jerks, released in 1979 by Migraine Records.
"""Candy"" is a song by English pop singer, Robbie Williams, released on 11 September 2012 as the lead single from his ninth studio album Take the Crown."
Siniša Matić (Serbian Cyrillic: Синиша Матић; born March 13, 1967) is a Serbian professional basketball coach.
"KATR-FM (98.3 FM, "" Kat Country 98.3 "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Otis, Colorado, United States."
Army Superior Unit Award (2005-2006) Philippine Presidential Unit Citation (17 OCTOBER 1944 TO 4 JULY 1945) The 160th Infantry Regiment is an infantry regiment of the United States Army.
Stella and Charles Guttman Community College is a public community college in New York City.
Mario Luzi (20 October 1914 – 28 February 2005) was an Italian poet.
Ihar Boki (Belarusian: Ігар Аляксандравіч Бокій; born 28 June 1994) is a visually impaired Belarusian Paralympic swimmer.
Rudolf Henke (born 5 June 1954) is a physician who has been a member of the German Bundestag since 2009.
Jacksonville City Nights is the seventh studio album by American alternative country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams, released on September 27, 2005 on Lost Highway.
Asian Computer College is a private, non-sectarian institution of higher learning with two campuses in Calamba City in the Philippines.
Konjski Hrib (; Leksikon občin kraljestev in dežel zastopanih v državnem zboru, vol. 1906.
Rumah District () is a district of the Hadhramaut Governorate, Yemen.
Maitighar (transl. Maternal home) is a 1966 Nepali film directed by B.S.
Princess Marie of Saxe-Altenburg (Marie Friederike Leopoldine Georgine Auguste Alexandra Elisabeth Therese Josephine Helene Sophie; 2 August 1854 – 8 October 1898) was the wife of Prince Albert of Prussia, Regent for the duchy of Brunswick.
John Scoble (January 16, 1799 – December 1877) was a British abolitionist and political figure in Canada West. Scoble was born in Kingsbridge, England in 1799 and was educated in Devon and London.
WHUS is a non-commercial educational FM college radio station. It transmits with 4,400 watts on 91.7 MHz from the University of Connecticut (UConn) in Storrs to audiences in Connecticut, southern Massachusetts and western Rhode Island.
Redemption is the second studio album by American rapper Huey, released on September 14, 2010.
Đakus is a village in the municipality of Žitorađa, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 904 people.
Orazio Fagone (born November 13, 1968 in Catania) is an Italian sledge hockey player and former short track speed skater who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics, 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.
Pyaar Mohabbat is a 1988 Indian film directed by Ajay Kashyap.
Anna Gostomelsky (; , ; born 9 June 1981) is an Israeli swimmer who represented Israel at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.
Adolescents, also known as The Blue Album due to its cover design, is the debut studio album by American punk rock band the Adolescents, released in April 1981 on Frontier Records.
Grudzielec Nowy [ɡruˈd͡ʑɛlɛt͡s ˈnɔvɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Uncle Daddy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 2001.
Meshk Abdan (, also Romanized as Meshk Ābdān) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Draconian Measures is a fantasy novel by American writers Don Perrin and Margaret Weis, based in the Dragonlance fictional fantasy campaign setting, and is the second book of the Kang's Regiment series, or The Chaos War series.
US Lacrosse Hall of Fame 2016 John Tucker is the current assistant coach of the Boston Cannons in Major League Lacrosse, a retired American professional lacrosse player, and the former head coach of the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League.
"Those People is a 2015 American romantic drama film, written and directed by Joey Kuhn and starring Jonathan Gordon, Jason Ralph and Haaz Sleiman. ""."
Sylvia was a comic strip by American cartoonist Nicole Hollander that offered commentary on political, social and cultural topics--and on cats--primarily in the voice of its title character, Sylvia.
Donja Kočela (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Кочела) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Blinker the Star is a Canadian indie rock band, originally from Pembroke, Ontario, Canada. Band leader Jordon Zadorozny is known for having cowritten songs with Courtney Love.
ABC is a free software, open source BitTorrent client based on BitTornado.
Charles-Hugues Le Febvre de Saint-Marc (22 June 1698 – 20 Novembre 1769) was an 18th-century French playwright and homme de lettres.
Sabeer Bhatia (born 30 December 1968) is an Indian-American businessman who co-founded the webmail company Hotmail.com.
Iso Lohijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Tornionjoki main catchment area.
Hans Peter Geerdes, professionally known by his stage name H.P. Baxxter, is a German musician who is best known as the lead vocalist of the German techno band Scooter.
Terravita is an American electronica, house music and dubstep group consisting of members Chris Barlow and Jon Spero.
She Who Must Be Obeyed is a minimalist sculpture 33 feet wide and 16 feet deep made by Tony Smith in 1975.
Góry Zborowskie [ˈɡurɨ zbɔˈrɔfskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
John Selwyn Brooke Lloyd, Baron Selwyn-Lloyd, CH, CBE, TD, PC, QC, DL (28 July 1904 – 18 May 1978), known for most of his career as Selwyn Lloyd, was a British politician. Lloyd grew up near Liverpool.
"Syron Vanes Homepage http://www.syronvanes.com is a Swedish heavy metal band formed in 1980 in Arlöv, Sweden. Originally assembled by former Drummer Staffan Lindstedt and guitarist Anders Hahne they are a big part of the early Swedish heavy metal scene. ""."
Peter E. Hodgson (27 November 1928, London & ndash; 8 December 2008) was a British physicist, who also wrote about the philosophy of physics and social issues, and was an active Roman Catholic.
Shyne Factory was a Canadian progressive rock and power pop band from Halifax, Nova Scotia. Shyne Factory was formed in 1992 in by Shawn Scott and twin brothers Mike and Matt Johnson.
Beebe High School is a comprehensive public high school for students in grades nine through twelve located in Beebe, Arkansas, United States.
The Red and Black Alliance (Albanian: Aleanca Kuq e Zi) is a nationalist political party in Albania. It was created by Kreshnik Spahiu, the former Deputy Head of the High Council of Justice of Albania.
Providensky District (Russian: Провиде́нский райо́н; Chukchi: Урэлӄуйым район) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the six in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
Razer Airport (IATA: KUR, ICAO: OARZ) is a public use airport serving Koran va Monjan, Badakhshan, Afghanistan.
"""A Long Time Ago"" is a song written by Richard Mainegra, and recorded by American country music group The Remingtons."
The Dissent of Man is the fifteenth album by the Californian punk rock band Bad Religion, which was released on September 28, 2010.
Thom Brennan (born May 31, 1957 in Lubbock, Texas) is an American electronic ambient musician, composer and synthesist.
"KQDR (107.3 FM, "" Hot 107.3 FM "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Savoy, Texas, United States."
Pontypridd High School () (formerly known as Coedylan Comprehensive) is an English-medium comprehensive school in the village of Cilfynydd near Pontypridd, in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.
William Henry Johnson VC (15 October 1890 – 25 April 1945) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Who I Am is a memoir by rock guitarist and composer Pete Townshend of the Who.
The Desolate One is the third album by golden age/hardcore hip hop emcee Just-Ice, released in 1989 and produced by KRS-One (see 1989 in music).
The Secret Lovers, published by E.P. Dutton in 1977, was the third of seven novels by the American novelist Charles McCarry to feature an American intelligence agent named Paul Christopher.
I'm Almost Not Crazy: John Cassavetes, the Man and His Work is a 1989 American documentary directed by Michael Ventura and starring John Cassavetes.
The Condemned is a 2007 American action film written and directed by Scott Wiper.
The Mute Gods are an English progressive rock supergroup uniting Nick Beggs, Marco Minnemann and Roger King.
Piero Marini (born 13 January 1942) is a Roman Catholic archbishop who is president of the Pontifical Committee for International Eucharistic Congresses.
Oru Kudakeezhil is a 1985 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Joshiy and produced by Sajan.
John Jones Bateman (1817–1903 ) was an English architect, active in the town (later city) of Birmingham, where he designed a number of important civic buildings, and nonconformist churches, often in partnership with George Drury.
Absence of the Good is a 1999 American made-for-television thriller film starring Stephen Baldwin and directed by John Flynn.
Dangerous Tour () is a 1969 Soviet adventure musical film directed by Georgi Yungvald-Khilkevich.
Stróżewice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Next to Normal (styled as next to normal) is a 2008 American rock musical with book and lyrics by Brian Yorkey and music by Tom Kitt.
Naoto Sakurai (桜井 直人, Sakurai Naoto, born September 2, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.
Sky Airline, styled as SꓘY, is an airline based at Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport in Santiago, Chile.
Coordinates: 52°47′56.3″N 21°13′37.21″E﻿ / ﻿52.798972°N 21.2270028°E﻿ / 52.798972; 21.2270028 Nowy Strachocin [ˈnɔvɨ straˈxɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Francis Kenna (21 September 1865 – 23 June 1932), was an Australian poet, journalist, and Labor Member of the Legislative Assembly in Queensland.
Stroszek is a 1977 German tragicomedy film directed by Werner Herzog and starring Bruno S., Eva Mattes, and Clemens Scheitz.
Totally Clueless is an American hidden camera game show on MTV that premiered on October 22, 2012.
"Losing Control is a 2011 romantic comedy film directed by Valerie Weiss about a female scientist who wants proof that her boyfriend is "" the one. ""."
Scott Rockenfield (born June 15, 1963), also known as SRock, is an American drummer and composer. He is best known as the drummer for the progressive metal band Queensrÿche, which he co-founded in 1982, and the hard rock band Slave to the System.
Shamsuddin bin Dali (Jawi: شمسو الدين بن دالي) or better known as S. Shamsuddin (1 January 1929 – 4 June 2013) was a Singaporean actor and comedian, who appeared in Malayan films during the 1950s and 1960s.
The Huawei Ascend P2 is a smartphone manufactured by Huawei.
Rosana dos Santos Augusto (born 7 July 1982), commonly known as Rosana, is a Brazilian former football left back or left winger who last played for Santos.
Damage Control is the debut studio album by British electronic music producer Mat Zo.
The Double Hold-Up is a 1919 American short Western film directed by Phil Rosen and featuring Hoot Gibson.
Qoroq-e Qavamcheh (Persian: قرق قوام چه‎, also Romanized as Qoroq-e Qavāmcheh) is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.
Dieter Moebius (16 January 1944 – 20 July 2015) was a Swiss-born German electronic musician and composer, best known as a member of the influential krautrock bands Cluster and Harmonia.
Kelly Khumalo is a South African singer, actress and dancer.
Mr. Untouchable is an English-language documentary film for HDNet Films, directed by Marc Levin, and produced by Mary-Jane Robinson.
Dark Days is the third studio album by the American nu metal band Coal Chamber.
Bevercotes is a hamlet and civil parish in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire, England, about six miles south of East Retford and five miles north-east of Ollerton.
Vittorio Zucca (Italian pronunciation: [vitˈtɔːrjo dˈdzukka; tˈtsukka], 3 October 1895 – 30 June 1943) was an Italian sprinter.
Bardeh Gar-e Yek Vark (Persian: بردگر1وارك‎, also known as Bardeh Gar) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Biljača (Serbian Cyrillic: Биљача) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sara dar dah daghigh-eh (2007) (translation: Sara in Ten Minutes) is an Iranian short documentary film co-produced and directed by Sadaf Foroughi.
Chance at Heaven is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Julien Josephson and Sarah Y. Mason.
Cocalico Senior High School is a public secondary school in Denver, Pennsylvania, United States, whose enrollment consists of students in grades 9–12.
Mohan Agashe (born 23 July 1947) is an Indian psychiatrist and actor.
The House of Blue Light is the twelfth studio album by The British rock band Deep Purple, released in 1987.
Golden Gate Airlines was a United States regional airline founded in 1980 in Monterey, California after the merger of Gem State Airlines and Air Pacific (USA) in 1979.
The Baptist Missionary Association Theological Seminary (BMATS or BMA Theological Seminary) is an institution in Jacksonville, Texas, owned and operated by the Baptist Missionary Association of America.
South Carolina Highway 177 (SC 177) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
Bersun (, also Romanized as Bersūn) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Calcaires noduleux cendres is a geologic formation in France.
Ultimate Pinball Quest (also known as The Ultimate Pinball Quest) is a pinball video game for the Amiga that was released as Living Ball for MS-DOS.
On Lies, Secrets and Silence (ISBN 0393312852) is a 310-page, non-fiction book written by Adrienne Rich and published by W. W. Norton & Company in 1979.
Live at Keystone is an album by Merl Saunders, Jerry Garcia, John Kahn, and Bill Vitt. It was recorded live at the Keystone in Berkeley, California on July 10 and 11, 1973, and released later that year as a two-disc vinyl LP.
Lot Lot (ロットロット, Rotto Rotto) is a multiplatform puzzle video game developed and published by Irem.
Cuts Like a Knife is the third studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams.
Blood Diamond is a 2006 political war thriller film co-produced and directed by Edward Zwick and starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Connelly, and Djimon Hounsou.
Mochowo [mɔˈxɔvɔ] is a village in Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Jewels in the Crown: All-Star Duets with the Queen is a compilation album by American singer Aretha Franklin.
My Dagestan is a book written by Rasul Gamzatov.
Toxic Holocaust is an American thrash metal band from Portland, Oregon. Joel Grind founded Toxic Holocaust in 1999.
""" Learning a Lot About Love "" is a single by Canadian country music artist Jason McCoy."
Pennterra is a science fiction novel by American author Judith Moffett, first published in 1987.
Maslovare (Cyrillic: Масловаре) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
WEZZ (930 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Monroeville, Alabama, United States.
Elsie is the debut studio album by The Horrible Crowes, a Gaslight Anthem side-project made up of Ian Perkins and Gaslight Anthem founder Brian Fallon.
Black Tears is a lost The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:..Black Tears 1927 silent film society drama directed by John Gorman and starring Bryant Washburn.
Noah Buxton (6 November 1876 – 26 May 1967) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1902 and 1911.
Donje Žapsko is a village in the municipality of Vranje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 421 people.
Greta Bösel (née Mueller) (9 May 1908 – 3 May 1947) was a trained nurse. Born in Wuppertal-Elberfeld, Germany, she became a camp guard at Ravensbrück in August 1944.
Artsyom Vaskow (; ; born 21 October 1988) is a Belarusian professional footballer. As of 2020, he plays for Gomel.
Nayzak Air Transport (Arabic: النيزك للنقل الجوي‎) was an airline based in Tripoli, Libya.
Adam Murray was an Irish soldier known for his service during the Williamite War in Ireland (1689–1691).
Bundall Road is a road from Bundall to Southport on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia.
Frank Schätzing (listen (help·info); born May 28, 1957), is a German writer, mostly known for his best-selling science fiction novel The Swarm (2004).
Nicht von dieser Welt (German: Not From This World) is the debut studio album by German recording artist Xavier Naidoo, released on by Pelham Power Productions (3P) on 30 May 1998 in German-speaking Europe.
Goławice Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Seton High School is a parochial all-female, college-preparatory high school in the Price Hill neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.
Columbus Southwest Airport is a privately owned, public use airport located 11 & nbsp;nautical miles (13 & nbsp;mi, 20 & nbsp;km) southwest of the central business district of Columbus, in Franklin County, Ohio, United States.
WPVM FM 88.5 is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, United States, the station serves the Green Bay area.
Raiszaada is a 1991 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Bharat Kapoor, starring Govinda, Sonam, Asha Parekh and Shashi Kapoor in lead roles.
Chahar Bid-e Sartang (Persian: چهاربيدسرتنگ‎, also Romanized as Chahār Bīd-e Sartang) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.
Snježana Kordić (); born 29 October 1964) is a Croatian linguist. In addition to her work in syntax, she has written on sociolinguistics.
The Warrior (Chinese: 黃飛鴻勇闖天下) is a Hong Kong feature film produced in Hong Kong directed by Fu Yan and Chen Yue Hui.
Al-Waqt ( meaning The Time) was a Bahraini Arabic-language daily newspaper.
Love Kickoff (南華夢飛翔) is a 2-hour long Hong Kong television movie created by TVB in 2009.
Jayadeva Malla(Nepali: जयदेव मल्ल) was a Malla Dynasty king of Nepal, Nepal in the 13th century.
Siobhan Evelyn Magnus (born March 15, 1990) is an American singer-songwriter who was the sixth place finalist on the ninth season of American Idol. Siobhan Magnus was born on March 15, 1990, to parents Alan and Colleen Magnus.
Şahmurlu is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey.
Peter Shaw (born June 17, 1966) is an American vocalist and songwriter, having performed with Trans-Siberian Orchestra for four years .
The Next Issue Project is a series of American comic-book anthology one-shots published by Image Comics beginning in February 2008. The multi-title project, edited by Erik Larsen, creator of Savage Dragon, features comic book characters that have fallen into the public domain.
Henry Cornelius (born Owen Henry Cornelius 18 August 1913 – 2 May 1958) was a South African-born film director, producer, screenwriter and film editor.
George Thornton (23 December 1819 – 23 November 1901) was an Australian merchant and politician, serving as a Sydney Municipal Council Alderman, Mayor of Sydney and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly and Legislative Council.
Basarikatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Five Creek is a westward flowing stream that rises in the city of Rohnert Park, California, United States and discharges to the Laguna de Santa Rosa.
Minx was an imprint of DC Comics that published graphic novels aimed at teenage girls.
The 28th Cavalry Regiment (Horse) (Colored) was a short-lived African-American unit of the United States Army. The 28th Cavalry was the last horse-mounted cavalry regiment formed by the U.S. Army.
Gan Thiam Poh (Chinese: 颜添宝; born 23 October 1963) is a Singaporean politician and businessperson.
Total Fucking Darkness is the third demo by the British extreme metal band Cradle of Filth, recorded in 1992 and released commercially in remastered form in 2014.
Robyn Kruk () is a retired senior Australian public servant and policymaker.
Savarde Budhruk situated in the south-west corner of Maharashtra, India. The population of Savarde Bk was approx 6000 as per the 2001 census.
The Frontiersman is a 1927 American Western silent film directed by Reginald Barker and written by Tom Miranda and Gordon Rigby.
Will Denton (born February 1990) is an American film and television actor.
Fine Wind, Clear Morning (Japanese: 凱風快晴, Hepburn: Gaifū kaisei), also known as South Wind, Clear Sky or Red Fuji, is a wood block print by Japanese artist Hokusai (1760–1849), part of his Thirty-six Views of Mount Fuji series, dating from c. 1830 to 1832.
Clara Ponty is a French-American pianist, vocalist, and composer. Born in Paris but raised in Los Angeles since age four, she began studying violin and piano at the age of five.
Yang Yao-hsun (; born 22 January 1983 in Taitung City, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese professional baseball pitcher / Outfielder in the Rakuten Monkeys of Chinese Professional Baseball League(CPBL).
The Common degu is a small animal with a body length of 25.0 to 31.0 cm (9.8-12.2 in) and a weight of 170 to 400 g (6.0 to 14.1 oz).
Minushahr (Persian: مينوشهر‎, also Romanized as Mīnūshahr) is a city and capital of Minu District, in Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
The Chinese Chess Association (CCA) (中国国际象棋协会) is the governing body of chess in China and is one of the federations of FIDE.
Waterfall in a Mountainous Landscape with a Ruined Castle (c. 1665-70) is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
Kotli (Urdu: کوٹلی‎) is the chief town of Kotli District, in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Le Progrès is a regional daily newspaper which is based in Lyon, Rhône.
Burley High School is a four-year secondary school in Burley, Idaho, the largest of four traditional high schools in the Cassia County School District #151.
Prosíčka is a village and municipality (obec) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Shinqar (, also Romanized as Shīnqar) is a village in Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Yukio Futatsugi (二木 幸生, Futatsugi Yukio, born 1970) is a Japanese video game developer.
The Savage Girl is a 1932 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser.
Our Last Enemy is an Australian industrial metal band. The band was formed in 2006 by Oliver Fogwell, Jeff Ritchie and Matt Heywood.
A World to Win is a novel written by Jack Conroy and published in 1935.
Nahum Tate (/ˈneɪ.əm ˈteɪt/ NAY-əm TAYT; 1652 – 30 July 1715) was an Irish poet, hymnist and lyricist, who became England's poet laureate in 1692.
Lesní Hluboké is a village and municipality (obec) in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
The Shooting Party is a 1985 British drama film directed by Alan Bridges and based on the book of the same name by Isabel Colegate.
Brigade M was a Dutch right-wing nationalist Rock Against Communism-band from Sassenheim in the Bollenstreek. The driving force behind Brigade M had always been Tim Mudde.
Lien Fang Yu (Chinese: 連方瑀; pinyin: Lián Fāng Yǔ) born 14 April 1943 in Chongqing as Fang Yu (方瑀; Fāng Yǔ), is the wife of Lien Chan, chairman of the Kuomintang party from 2000 to 2005.
The National Security Council (国家安全保障会議, Kokka-anzen-hoshō-kaigi) of Japan is an inter-agency body established to coordinate the national security policies of Japan.
All Creatures Will Make Merry is the second studio album by Scottish indie folk band Meursault, released on 24 May 2010.
!! ! (/tʃk.tʃk.tʃk/ chk-chk-chk) is an American dance-punk band from Sacramento, California, formed in 1995 by lead singer Nic Offer.
Sar Kamari (, also Romanized as Sar Kamarī; also known as Sar Khemrī) is a village in Zalian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.
Worse Things Waiting is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by author Manly Wade Wellman, with illustrations by Lee Brown Coye.
Ganina [ɡaˈɲina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
William Thorn (3 September, 1852 – 1 February, 1935) was a grazier and politician in Queensland, Australia.
"Xavier López Rodríguez (born February 17, 1935), better known as "" Chabelo "" , is an American-born Mexican actor and a TV host who has been working on television for over sixty years. ""."
Alamabad-e Olya (Persian: عالم ابادعليا‎, also Romanized as ‘Ālamābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
"The Sefer Hasidim or Sefer Chassidim (Hebrew: ספר חסידים‎, Book of the Pious) is a text by Judah ben Samuel of Regensburg, a foundation work of the teachings of the Chassidei Ashkenaz (""Pious Ones of Germany"")."
"However, when Disick asked Kourtney's opinion on marriage, she responded with, ""If things are so good now. In October 2019 Kardashian and her children were baptized in an Armenian Apostolic ceremony at the Etchmiadzin Cathedral in Vagharshapat, Armenia."
Golemo Selo is a village in the municipality of Vranje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1051 people.
Marc Joulaud (born 3 September 1967 in Mayenne) is a French politician who served as Member of the European Parliament for the West France constituency from 2014 until 2019.
At the time of the Kimbrough-Sinclair marriage on April 21, 1913, the New York Times reported that Mary Craig Kimbrough was best known in the South for The Romance History of Winnie Davis, her biography of Winnie Davis, the daughter of Jefferson Davis.
"Not So Quiet: Stepdaughters of War is a 1930 novel by Evadne Price under the pseudonym "" Helen Zenna Smith "" ."
Ghosts is the 7th studio album by English band Strawbs.
Ashishma Nakarmi is a Nepalese actress, model and singer.
Bothwell was a county constituency in Lanarkshire represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1918 to 1983.
Aženski Vrh (pronounced [ˈaːʒɛnski ˈʋəɾx]) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.
Leyla Islam qizi Yunusova (née Valiyeva; born 21 December 1955, in Baku), better known as Leyla Yunus, is an Azerbaijani human rights activist who serves as the director of Institute of Peace and Democracy, a human rights organisation.
CKMH-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an active rock format at 105.3 FM in Medicine Hat, Alberta.
Brad Hunt is an American actor, singer and songwriter, born in Moberly, Missouri.
I Have a Dream (It Feels Like Home) was the debut studio album from Christian rock band The City Harmonic, which was released on October 18, 2011 by Kingsway Music, and produced by The City Harmonic in association with Jared Fox.
Bowshank is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, close to the A7, beside the Gala Water.
Abdulla Al Futtaim (Arabic: عبدالله الفطيم) is an Emirati billionaire, the owner of Al-Futtaim Group, and the cousin of fellow billionaire Majid Al Futtaim.
Devalokam (transl. Abode of gods) is an unfinished Malayalam film directed by M. T. Vasudevan Nair in 1979.
Dancing Arabs is the 2002 debut novel by the Arab Israeli writer Sayed Kashua.
Nilokheri is a town and a municipal committee in Karnal district in the Indian state of Haryana.
Saint-Étienne-du-Valdonnez (Occitan: Sent Estève) is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Hunting Time () is a 1988 Turkish drama film directed by Erden Kıral about the 1980 Turkish coup d'état.
Jasia Reichardt (born 1933) is a British art critic, curator, art gallery director, teacher and prolific writer, specialist in the emergence of digital art.
Sivappu Mazhai (Tamil: சிவப்பு மழை; English: Red Rain) is a 2010 Tamil action film written and directed by V.
Ramsau am Dachstein is a municipality in the district of Liezen, state of Styria, Austria.
Charissa Saverio (born 7 December 1969), and better known as DJ Rap, is a British drum and bass, house music and progressive electronic music producer and DJ.
Alaloum (Greek: Greek: Αλαλούμ) is a 1982 Greek comedy film directed by Giorgos Apostolidis, Giannis Smaragdis and Giannis Typaldos, starring Harry Klynn, Manos Destounis and Joly Garbi.
Life as It Comes (Italian: La vita come viene) is a 2003 Italian drama film directed by Stefano Incerti.
Mijači () is a village in the Brestovac municipality of the Požega-Slavonia County, Croatia. According to the 2001 census, there were 18 inhabitants in the village.
National Football League, Historical Players, Corey Sawyer. He graduated from Key West High School, databaseFootball.com, Players, Corey Sawyer .
Wild Tales (Spanish: Relatos salvajes) is a 2014 black comedy anthology film composed of six standalone shorts, all written and directed by Damián Szifron, united by a common theme of violence and vengeance.
Heather Rene Smith (born January 8, 1987) is an American model. Smith was the Playboy Playmate for February 2007.
Malcolm Mitchell Young (6 January 1953 – 18 November 2017) was a Scottish-born Australian musician and songwriter, best known as a co-founder, rhythm guitarist, backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC/DC.
Vadaperumbakkam (), is a developing residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India It is an industrial area as the vicinity is mostly of godowns and industries.
It can also be used as a simple binding knot and is classed among several knots known as the miller's knot. The Ground-line hitch is also the start of a three-lead four-bight Turk's head.
Florence and the Machine (stylised as Florence + the Machine) are an English indie rock band that formed in London in 2007, consisting of vocalist Florence Welch, keyboardist Isabella Summers, guitarist Rob Ackroyd, harpist Tom Monger, and a collaboration of other musicians.
Al Talh District is a district of the Shabwah Governorate in Yemen.
The Czar's Madman (Estonian: Keisri hull) is a 1978 novel by Estonian writer Jaan Kross.
Gomorrah () is a 2008 Italian crime film directed by Matteo Garrone, based on the non-fiction book of the same name by Roberto Saviano, who also collaborated in the screenplay.
""" Slowly Slipping Away "" is a song by Canadian glam metal band Harem Scarem, released as a single in 1991."
I'd Receive the Worst News from Your Beautiful Lips () is a 2011 Brazilian romance drama film directed by Beto Brant and Renato Ciasca.
Bolot Beyshenaliyev (; June 25, 1937 — November 18, 2002) was a Soviet cinematographer, film and theater actor.
Hayfield may refer to: ;United Kingdom ;United States.
The Bernburg Formation is a geologic formation in Germany.
Gina Jane Choi (born September 13, 1987), better known by her stage name G.NA, is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress based in South Korea.
Passive Control is the third studio album recorded by Yonderboi.
Huskvarna River (Swedish: Huskvarnaån) is a river in Småland, Sweden.
Katchewanooka Lake is one of the Kawartha lakes in south-central Ontario, Canada.
Greta was an American hard rock band formed in 1990 by Paul Plagens, Kyle Baer, Josh Gordon, and Brad Wilk.
Daloa Department is a department of Haut-Sassandra Region in Sassandra-Marahoué District, Ivory Coast.
Ishita Dutta (born 26 August 1990) is an Indian actress and model who works in films and television serials.
Night Time, My Time is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Sky Ferreira.
Les marchands de rêves is a 2005 studio album of Corneille that became the most successful of his albums reaching #3 in the French Albums Chart.
Rockall (/ˈrɒkɔːl/) is an uninhabitable granite islet in the exclusive economic zone (EEZ) of the United Kingdom, situated in the North Atlantic Ocean.
An Daingean Jack Ferriter is a former Gaelic footballer from Dingle, County Kerry. He was a member of several Kerry underage teams in the 1990's with Dingle CBS, Dingle GAA, and Kerry (Minor, U-21, Junior, and Senior).
Shrimp roe noodles or Shrimp noodles are a variety of Chinese noodle popular in Hong Kong and Guangdong.
Zyryanka Airport is the main airport serving the locality of Zyryanka, Verkhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic of Russia.
Roman-photos (Fotonovelas) is the debut album by French rock musician Alain Bashung, released in 1977 through Barclay Records.
Arthur Rosser (16 April 1864 – 15 February 1954) was a notable New Zealand builder, local-body politician and trade unionist.
Telegraph Avenue is a novel by Michael Chabon, published on September 11, 2012.
Jock Jams, Volume 4 is the fourth album in the Jock Jams compilation album series.
In the 2011 census, Lakefield had a population of 184 people. Lakeland has a number of heritage-listed sites, including: Media related to Lakefield, Queensland at Wikimedia Commons.
Kieran O'Donnell (born 8 May 1963) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick City constituency since the 2020 general election, and previously from 2011 to 2016 and from 2007 to 2011 for the Limerick East constituency.
Elaine Didier (/ˈdiːdi.eɪ/ DEE-dee-ay; born 1948) is the director of the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum in Michigan, United States.
Alpine Avalanche is a weekly newspaper based in Alpine, Texas and covering Brewster County.
WFCR (88.5 MHz) is a non-commercial FM radio station licensed to Amherst, Massachusetts.
Susanta Singh . (born 17 March 1973) is an Indian politician from Bhatli constituency.
Zarband (Persian: زربند‎) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 27 families.
Louis Valentin (10 September 1930 – 3 May 2010), born Louis Valentine, was a French journalist, novelist, and screenwriter.
Skärstad is a locality situated in Jönköping Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 341 inhabitants in 2010.
Things Are Getting Better is the 11th album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley, and his second release on the Riverside label, featuring performances with Milt Jackson, Wynton Kelly, Percy Heath and Art Blakey.
Yashwant Singh (born 1 March 1962) is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the 2014 Indian general elections from the Nagina.
Acteón is a 1965 Spanish drama film directed by Jorge Grau.
D-Day the Sixth of June is a 1956 CinemaScope romance war film made by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Henry Koster and produced by Charles Brackett from a screenplay by Ivan Moffat and Harry Brown, based on the novel, The Sixth of June by Lionel Shapiro.
The All Ceylon Makkal Congress (; Samasta Lanka Muslim Kongrasaya) is a registered political party in Sri Lanka. It was founded in 2005 by Rishad Bathiudeen.
Led Zeppelin Remasters is a three-LP (or two-cassette or two-CD) compilation album of digitally remastered material by English rock band Led Zeppelin.
REDIRECT WGHR (Georgia).
Park View Education Centre is a Canadian public secondary school located in the town of Bridgewater, Nova Scotia.
Jill Gilmore (née Corner) (born 5 April 1973) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Morenilla is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality had a population of 51 inhabitants.
After marrying Jack Gagliardi and having her third son, Sara Gagliardi served on boards and committees in Arvada such as the accountability committee at Vanderhoof Elementary, the parent advisory committee at Drake Middle School, and the Arvada High School Boosters.
Metropolitan Community College, also known as Metro or MCC, and formerly known as Metropolitan Technical Community College, is a public community college in Omaha, Nebraska.
Les enfants de l'orage is the fifth studio album by French pop-R & B singer-songwriter Leslie, released on February 4, 2013.
In the 2011 census, Oaky Creek and surrounding localities had a population of 463 people. Media related to Oaky Creek, Queensland at Wikimedia Commons.
Zoran Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Савић; born November 18, 1966) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player.
The Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry () is a scientific institute based in the city of Munich in Germany specializing in psychiatry.
The Sony Xperia M4 Aqua is a mid-range Android smartphone developed and manufactured by Sony.
Dorothy is an oil painting by American artist William Merritt Chase.
Jiang Benhu (simplified Chinese: 蒋本浒; traditional Chinese: 蔣本滸; pinyin: Jiǎng Běnhǔ; born 1964) better known by his pen name Mai Jia, is a Chinese novelist.
Along with pediatrician Henry Silver, Ford started the pediatric nurse practitioner program at the University of Colorado in 1965. Loretta Ford was born December 28, 1920, in New York City.
Lies, Sissies, and Fiascoes: The Best of This American Life is the second compilation album featuring radio broadcasts from This American Life.
Samedan Airport , also known as Engadin Airport, is a regional airport in Samedan in the Engadin valley of Switzerland, 5 & nbsp;km from St.
Martina Voss-Tecklenburg (born Martina Voss; 22 December 1967) is a retired German football midfielder, currently coaching the German national team. She previously coached FCR 2001 Duisburg and FF USV Jena.
In Death Reborn is the fourth studio album by the underground hip hop collective Army of the Pharaohs.
With a Little Help from My Friends is the debut album by singer Joe Cocker, released in May 1969.
Wilson Lake is the name of seven lakes in Wisconsin, United States, as well as four flowages and a pond.
Luis Alberto Solari (n. Fray Bentos, on October 17, 1918 - October 13, 1993) was a painter and engraver from Uruguay.
The Archaeological Museum of Gandia is a center where is shown the archaeological heritage of La Safor and Gandia area, but especially, the materials of the Parpalló cave.
Osmar Schindler (December 21, 1867 – June 19, 1927) was a German painter belonging to the Dresden Academy school of artists.
El Marino (the marine, in Spanish) was a Chilean daily newspaper, based in Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro province.
Philippe De Lacy (July 25, 1917 – July 29, 1995) was a silent film era child actor.
Goliath II is a 1960 American short animated comedy film produced by Walt Disney Productions. Directed by Wolfgang Reitherman and written by Bill Peet, it is narrated by Sterling Holloway and stars Kevin Corcoran.
Martijn Kajuiter (Groningen, Netherlands, 1974) is a Dutch Michelin star winning head chef with The House in the Cliff House Hotel in Ardmore, County Waterford.
The Auburn Plainsman is the student-run newspaper for Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama.
Pakistan Maritime Museum (Urdu: پاک بحریہ متحف ‎) is a naval museum and park situated near PNS Karsaz on Habib Ibrahim Rehmatullah Road (Karsaz Road) in Karachi, Pakistan.
Lucita Soriano (born Lucita Soriano Adriano; 23 February 1941 – 8 July 2015) was a Filipino actress, who appeared in more than 215 movies and television shows.
The Potto grows to a length of 30 to 39 cm, with a short (3 to 10 cm) tail, and its weight varies from 600 to 1,600 grams (21 to 56 oz).
Guy Shepherdson (born 17 February 1982 in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Australian former rugby union professional footballer.
Rebecca Lynn Howard is the debut studio album by American country music artist Rebecca Lynn Howard.
Vorderthal is a municipality in March District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.
The Space Movie is a documentary film produced in 1979 by Tony Palmer at the request of NASA, to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing.
WNPL (1460 AM) is a radio station simulcasting WAXA, a Spanish Tropical station broadcasting out of Ft. Myers, Florida. Licensed to Golden Gate, Florida, it serves Collier County (including Naples).
Nouvion Airfield was a pre-war airport and World War II military airfield in Algeria, located about 5 km west of Camp Militaire d' El Ghomri in Mascara province; about 76 km east of Oran.
The Rexroad Formation is a geologic formation in Kansas.
Ponikiew Mała-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Dana Ivgy (; born April 3, 1982) is an Israeli actress and the daughter of actor Moshe Ivgy.
CKXM-FM is a radio station that broadcasts an adult contemporary format on the frequency at 90.5 FM in Exeter, Ontario branded as 90.5 myFM.
Antoine Frérot (born June 3, 1958) is a former French businessman.
Mary Mackenzie (3 May 1922 – 20 September 1966) was an English actress.
Aaha Kalyanam () is a 2014 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by debutant A.
Tropical Fish (Chinese: 熱帶魚; pinyin: Rèdài Yú; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Jia̍t-tài Hî) is a 1995 Taiwanese comedy-drama film written and directed by Chen Yu-hsun.
Night of the Ghouls is a horror film written and directed by Ed Wood.
Nova Esperança, Paraná is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.
Alton Bay Seaplane Base (FAA LID: B18) is a state-owned, public-use seaplane base located in a cove of Lake Winnipesaukee.
Opening Night is a big band jazz recording of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra playing at the Village Vanguard club in New York City in February 1966.
The Woman in the Dunes is a 2000 concept album by Steven Severin, formerly of Siouxsie and the Banshees.
A Waterfall in a Rocky Landscape (c. 1660s) is an oil painting on canvas by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
Hermaville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Blå måndag (Blue Monday) is a 2001 Swedish film directed by Anders Lennberg, starring Eva Röse and Göran Gillinger.
Philip Repyngdon (c. 1345 – 1424) was a bishop and cardinal.
The Islamabad Football Association (IFA) is the regional governing body of :association football and futsal in Islamabad, Pakistan.
Nationale Regionale Transport is a domestic airline based in Libreville, Gabon.
María Victoria Losada Gómez (born 5 March 1991), commonly known as Vicky Losada, is a Spanish football midfielder who currently captains FC Barcelona in Spain's Primera División.
Antz Extreme Racing is a 2002 racing video game developed by Supersonic Software and published by Empire Interactive.
Olden Polynice (born November 21, 1964) is a Haitian former professional basketball player.
Bhagwan Parshuram Institute of Technology is a private engineering college affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi. It is located in Rohini, New Delhi, India.
The Northwood Timberwolves are the athletic teams that represent Northwood University, located in Midland, Michigan, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions.
Four's a Crowd is a 1938 American romantic comedy film directed by Michael Curtiz, starring Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Rosalind Russell, and Patric Knowles.
Pest Man Wins is a 1951 short subject directed by Jules White starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Shemp Howard).
Once Upon a Time is an American fantasy adventure drama television series that aired on ABC from October 23, 2011 to May 18, 2018.
Wales Airport is a state-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 & nbsp;km) northwest of the central business district of Wales, a city in the Nome Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Nam Yeong-sin (born 27 August 1990) is a South Korean handball player for BISCO and the South Korean Republic national team.
007: Quantum of Solace is a first-person shooter (third-person shooter for Nintendo DS and PlayStation 2) video game based on the films Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace.
The Citra Award for Best Leading Actor (Indonesian: ) is an award given at the Indonesian Film Festival (IFF) to Indonesian actors for their achievements in lead roles.
Parajanov: The Last Spring (Russian: Параджанов: Последняя весна; Armenian: Փարաջանով.
Kill the Lights is the second and final full-length album by the synthpop rock band The New Cities.
W. Paul White (born July 7, 1945 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American political politician.
The Shadow Trap is the 6th book in the Jedi Quest series of novels set in the Star Wars universe. It was written by Jude Watson.
Uncial 0303 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 7th century.
Member State of the Arab League The Haq Movement for Liberty and Democracy (Arabic: حركة حق حركة الحريات والديمقراطية‎) is an opposition political organization in Bahrain founded in November 2005 with Hasan Mushaima as its secretary general.
In July 2012 Mullen signed a two-year deal with Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese Super League. Daniel Mullen Joined Melbourne Victory on loan for the second half of the 2012–13 season.
The Heinkel HD 17 was a military reconnaissance aircraft produced in Germany in the late 1920s.
KKCM (92.1 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Thermal, California.
A Tiger's Tale is a 1987 American comedy-drama film starring Ann-Margret and C. Thomas Howell, written and directed by Peter Douglas, based on the novel Love and Other Natural Disasters by Allen Hannay III.
Kathmandu (/ˌkætmænˈduː/; Nepali: काठमाडौं, Nepali pronunciation: [ˈkaʈʰmaɳɖuː]) is the capital and largest city of Nepal, with a population of around 2.5 million.
KJVA-LP (94.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to San Bernardino, California, United States, it serves the Riverside-San Bernardino area.
Jabuka () is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Needle is a 1950 science fiction novel by American writer Hal Clement, originally published the previous year in Astounding Science Fiction magazine.
Istanbul Medeniyet University (Turkish: İstanbul Medeniyet Üniversitesi) is a public university in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Harley School is a college preparatory, independent day school in Rochester, New York, United States.
Paco Boublard (born 20 February 1981) is French actor and photographer.
Fabiano Monteiro de Oliveira or also known as Fabiano Oliveira (born March 6, 1987 in Seropédica), is a Brazilian striker who most recently played for Birkirkara.
WLPK 1580 AM is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Connersville, Indiana, the station is owned by Rodgers Broadcasting Corporation.
The Hoya de Los Vicentes Solar Plant () is a photovoltaic power station in Jumilla, Murcia in Spain.
Art Museum by the Zoo (Korean: 미술관 옆 동물원; RR: Misulgwan yup dongmulwon) is a 1998 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Jeong-hyang.
Perfume: Complete Best (stylized as Perfume ~Complete Best~) is a greatest hits album by Japanese girl group Perfume.
Nokhudan (, also Romanized as Nokhūdān) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Bruno Cristiano Conceição Carvalho Santos (born 17 January 1984), known as Cris, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D.
Will Keen (born 26 February 1994), known by his stage name Keeno, is a British record producer and DJ from Winchester, known for adding orchestral elements to drum and bass.
"WFOR (1400 AM, ""TheScore1400"") is a radio station licensed to serve Hattiesburg, Mississippi, United States."
Tri-County Airport (ICAO: KASJ, FAA LID: ASJ) is a public use airport located nine nautical miles (10 mi, 17 km) west of the central business district of Ahoskie, in Hertford County, North Carolina, United States.
Horatio Walter Lonsdale (1846-1919) was an English painter and designer.
Westmorland was a constituency covering the county of Westmorland in the North of England, which returned Members of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Dobieżyn () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Valene Kane is a Northern Irish actress.
Banda Uó was a Brazilian tecnobrega band composed of Davi Sabbag, Mateus Carrilho, and Candy Mel.
It's a Beautiful Day is an American band formed in San Francisco, California, in 1967, featuring vocalist Pattie Santos along with violinist David LaFlamme and his wife, Linda LaFlamme, on keyboards.
Brian Towriss (born May 24, 1956) http://huskies.usask.ca/Home_Left/mens_sports/football/FBMediaGuide.pdf is the former head coach for the University of Saskatchewan's football team, the Saskatchewan Huskies.
Cash and Carry is an American television game show hosted by Dennis James that ran on the then-both affiliates of the DuMont Television Network from June 20, 1946, to July 1, 1947.
Sunshine Love (Korean: 썬샤인 러브; RR: Sseonsyain Reobeu) is a 2013 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Jo Eun-sung, starring Oh Jung-se and Jo Eun-ji.
Kõmmaste is a village in Lääne-Harju Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
Cowboys and Aliens is the fourth studio album by British alternative rock band Kitchens of Distinction, released on 3 October 1994 in the UK by One Little Indian Records and on 24 January 1995 by A&M Records in the US.
Kourtney Eugene Brown (born February 9, 1984) is a Bahamian-American actor, television host, model and visual artist. Kourtney Brown was born in Miami, Florida and raised in New Providence, Bahamas, in the capital city of Nassau.
Haystacks and Steeples is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Gloria Swanson.
Payamtenga is a village in the Boudry Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 227.
Khalid Raad () is a Syrian liberal economist, technocrat and former deputy prime minister, who was in charge of economic affairs.
Robert Jacks AO (8 March 1943, Melbourne—14 August 2014, Castlemaine) was an Australian painter, sculptor and printmaker.
Batelov (; ) is a market town (městys) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Mowtowr-e Darvish Birami (Persian: موتوردرويش بيرمي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Darvīsh Bīramī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.
""" Breeze On By "" is a smooth jazz pop song co-written and performed by Donny Osmond, influenced by George Benson's '70s hit "" Breezin' "" ."
Karl Leister (born 15 June 1937) is a classical clarinet player from Wilhelmshaven, Germany.
Władysławowo Port railway station is a railway station serving the town of Władysławowo, in the Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland. The station is located on the Reda–Hel railway.
Nový Jičín (Czech pronunciation: [ˈnoviː ˈjɪtʃiːn]; German: Neutitschein) is a town in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
Anne Penny (née Hughes; 6 January 1729 – 17 March 1784) was a British poet, born in Wales to a vicar and his wife.
Francisco Domene (born 12 February 1960) is a Spanish writer, narrator, novelist, and poet.
María Elvira Pombo Holguín (born 1 June 1960) is the current Ambassador of Colombia to Brazil.
Poplar and Canning Town was a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Hondschoote (from Dutch; Hondschote in the modern Dutch spelling) is a commune of the Nord département, in northern France.
The taiga vole (Microtus xanthognathus) is a large vole found in northwestern North America, including Alaska and northwestern Canada.9 in) in length and usually weighs 140-170 g.
Sleeping with Other People is a 2015 American romantic comedy film directed and written by Leslye Headland.
God Willing is the soundtrack to Amir Chamdin's film God Willing set in 1975 Stockholm.
S. Craig Taylor Jr. was an American game designer who has worked primarily on board games and wargames.
Kidiba is a village in the Zorgho Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 947.
Black God's Shadow is a collection of fantasy short stories by American writer C.
The Calcutta Technical School (CTS) is a technical institute is located in the city of Kolkata, West Bengal of India.
Pedro de Rábago y Terán (died 1756) was a Spanish administrator and military officer in New Spain, now Mexico.
Naughty by Nature is an American hip hop trio from East Orange, New Jersey consisting of Treach (Anthony Criss, born December 2, 1970), Vin Rock (Vincent Brown, born September 17, 1970), and DJ Kay Gee (born Keir Lamont Gist, September 15, 1969).
The Central Africa Medal was a British campaign medal awarded for service from 1891–1894 in Eastern and Central Africa, and from 1894–1898 for service in British Central Africa.
Stanley Drucker (born February 4, 1929) is an American clarinetist. Born in Brooklyn, New York, of Ukrainian ancestry, Drucker began clarinet studies at age ten with Leon Russianoff, and remained his student for five years.
Smash His Camera is a 2010 documentary film directed by filmmaker Leon Gast about the life and career of paparazzi photographer Ron Galella.
Phillip McCallen (born Portadown, Armagh) is a Northern Ireland born former motorcycle racer, now turned to dealer in his retirement from road racing.
Remedy Club Tour – Live is a second live album/DVD and eighth overall by American band David Crowder Band.
A Game of Death is a 1945 film directed by Robert Wise.
Róbert Waltner (born 20 September 1977) is a Hungarian head coach in Hungarian NB I with the Kaposvár.
Mette Melgaard (born 3 June 1980 in Syddjurs) is a Danish handball coach and former player.
Roger Ballard (born in Kentwood, Louisiana ) is an American country music singer-songwriter.
Zdzisław Styczeń (born 16 October 1894 in Przemyśl & ndash; died on 20 December 1978 in Kraków) was a footballer from Poland (midfielder) who played for such clubs as Cracovia and Wisła Kraków.
CI5: The New Professionals is a British television action crime drama series, created and principally written by Brian Clemens, that first broadcast on Sky One on 19 September 1999.
Ñorquincó is a city in Ñorquincó Department, in southwest Río Negro Province, Argentina. With a population of 444, it had a decline of 12.7% after the 509 in the previous census.
Johann Christoph Gatterer (July 13, 1727 – April 5, 1799) was a German historian who was a native of Lichtenau.
The College of William & Mary (also known as William & Mary, W&M, and officially The College of William and Mary in Virginia) is a public research university in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Angel Del Villar II (born September 24, 1980), better known by his stage name Homeboy Sandman, is an American rapper from Elmhurst, Queens, New York, United States.
Nové Hamry (German: Neuhammer bei Karlsbad) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
London Alan Levine (February 4, 1935 – September 29, 2015), better known as London Lee, was an American stand-up comedian and actor.
{{Infobox comic book title |title = Green Arrow: The Longbow Hunters |image = Green Arrow The Longbow Hunters.jpg |caption = Cover art to Green Arrow: The Longbow Hunters #1.
Tropico 3 is a video game developed by Haemimont Games and published by Kalypso Media. Like the previous games in the series, Tropico 3 is a construction and management simulation as well as a political simulation game, with emphasis on city building.
Veritone Minimum Phase Speakers, or VMPS, was a loudspeaker manufacturer founded in 1977 by speaker designer Brian Cheney.
George Cummins Morphett (1876 - 1963) was an Australian politician.
Litmus Green are a hardcore punk band from Southern California, USA, who played from 1991-2002 and 2009–2017.
James Carter Cathcart, often credited as Carter Cathcart or Jimmy Zoppi, is an American voice actor, voice director, pianist and vocalist.
Ikiru Sainō (イキルサイノウ) is the third major label album release of the Japanese rock band, The Back Horn.
Gachnang is a municipality in the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Caio Lucas Fernandes (born 19 April 1994), known simply as Caio , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Emirati Club Sharjah on loan from Portuguese club Benfica as a winger.
Claude Schnell (born 17 May 1955 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American keyboardist who has been a member of the bands Magic, Rough Cutt, Dio, and Last in Line.
Yang Kyung-il (born March 26, 1970) is a South Korean manhwa artist from Incheon, South Korea.
"""The Brick Moon"" is a novella by American writer Edward Everett Hale, published serially in The Atlantic Monthly starting in 1869."
Vendredi soir (Friday Night) is a 2002 drama film directed by Claire Denis.
Very soon Henkel developed its international presence—in 1886, Henkel opened its first international sales office in Austria.
Joyce El-Khoury is a Lebanese-Canadian opera singer performing with leading opera companies and symphony orchestras around the world. She is a soprano praised for her bel canto singing.
KDEB (1470 AM) was a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Licensed to Estes Park, Colorado, United States, the station was owned by Kona Coast Radio, LLC KDEB's skywave signal was received in parts of southern Wyoming, including Laramie Laramie DX logs and Green River.
Zoé is the debut studio album by the Mexican alternative rock band Zoé, released in 2001.
Radwan Al-Sheikh Hassan (Arabic: رضوان الشيخ حسن‎) is a Syrian football Defender who played for Syria in the 1984 Asian Cup.
Natiruts Acústico no Rio de Janeiro is the second live album by the Brazilian Reggae band Natiruts.
My Man Jeeves is a collection of short stories by P.
"""Blackjack"" Billy Fox (born January 29 or April 20, 1926) is an American retired light heavyweight boxer."
Springbank Community High School is a public senior high school in Springbank, Alberta, Canada.
Karol Szajnocha (1818–1868) was a Polish writer, historian, and independence activist.
Manoj Sharma (born 19 October 1973) is an Indian film director, film writer, screenwriter and editor.
Nights Are Forever is the fourth and breakthrough album by the pop rock duo England Dan & John Ford Coley.
Yuko Kavaguti (also: Kawaguchi, Japanese: Kawaguchi Yūko (川口 悠子), Russian: Юко Кавагути, born 20 November 1981) is a pair skater who has represented Japan and Russia in international competition.
XHCPH-FM is a radio station in Parral, Chihuahua, Mexico.
The Nowata Formation is a geologic formation in Missouri.
Coordinates: 37°43′10″N 122°25′30″W﻿ / ﻿37.7194°N 122.4249°W﻿ / 37.7194; -122.4249 June Jordan School for Equity is a small public high school located in the Excelsior District of San Francisco, California.
Erich Büttner (7 October 1889 – 7 September 1936) was a German painter. From 1906 to 1911 he studied at the Unterrichtsanstalt des Kunstgewerbemuseums Berlin.
Mark Cameron (born 31 January 1981) is an Australian former cricketer who played Australian domestic cricket for New South Wales.
Ali Baba Bujang Lapok is a 1961 Singaporean comedy film directed by, written by and starring Malaysian silver-screen legend P. Ramlee and produced in Singapore by Malay Film Productions Ltd.
Stare Okniny [ˈstarɛ ɔkˈninɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Marriage Lines is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Wilfred Noy and starring Barbara Hoffe, Lewis Dayton and Sam Livesey.
Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser (; born 15 September 1952) is a Qatari diplomat and the former permanent representative of Qatar to the United Nations, appointed on 11 September 1998.
Ljeskov Dub () is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"Ignacio "" Nacho "" Díez de la Faya (born 23 April 1996) is a Spanish basketball player. realmadrid.com Nacho Díez Real Madrid player profile He is brother of Dani Díez, a Real Madrid basketball player."
Enid Public Schools is a public school district located in Enid, Oklahoma, USA.
Roger Chapelet (25 September 1903 – 30 June 1995) was a French maritime painter, born in Versailles, France.
Velká Skrovnice is a village and municipality (obec) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
Branków [ˈbrankuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Let It Sway is the third full-length studio album from american indie pop/rock band Someone Still Loves You Boris Yeltsin.
Hoani Te Heuheu Tukino VI (1897–1944) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and trust board chairman.
Appleby Magna is a village and civil parish in Leicestershire and Derbyshire, England.
"Royal Saxon Jagdstaffel 44, commonly abbreviated to Jasta 44, was a ""hunting group"" (i.e., fighter squadron) of the Luftstreitkräfte, the air arm of the Imperial German Army during World War I."
"""Keep On Loving You"" is a soft rock power ballad written by Kevin Cronin and performed by American rock band REO Speedwagon."
Polch is a town in the district Mayen-Koblenz, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The Honourable Phillip Paulwell (born 14 January 1962) is a Jamaican politician.
Giovanna Marini (born Giovanna Salviucci; 19 January 1937) is an Italian singer-songwriter and researcher of ethnomusicology.
Gregory Keyes (born April 11, 1963) is an American writer of science fiction and fantasy who has written both original and media-related novels under both the names J.
Liar Game: Reborn (ライアーゲーム -再生-, Liar Game: Saisei) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Hiroaki Matsuyama.
Rajko Prodanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Рајко Продановић; born 24 April 1986) is a Serbian handballer who plays for RK Vojvodina and the Serbian national team as a right wing.
Long Play Album was the first album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in 1981.
A. Pradeepkumar is a member of 14th Kerala Legislative Assembly. He belongs to Communist Party of India (Marxist) and represents Kozhikode (North) constituency.
Live from Austin, TX is a 2010 video album by R.E.M.
The Headless Ritual is the sixth studio album by Autopsy, released in 2013 through Peaceville Records.
Marcel Carrière (born April 16, 1935) is a Canadian film director and sound engineer.
Paul Evans Aidoo (born 4 August 1958) is a Ghanaian teacher and politician.
Babs is a lost The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog: Bab's Candidate 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Corinne Griffith.
Edavappathy (lit. 'Southwest monsoon') is a 2016 Indian Malayalam-language drama film written and directed by Lenin Rajendran.
Rich Boy is the eponymous debut studio album by American rapper Rich Boy, released on March 13, 2007 through Interscope and Zone 4.
Mazewo Włościańskie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Giardino Botanico Montano di Pratorondanino is a nature preserve and botanical garden located at 750 meters altitude in Pratorondanino, Campo Ligure, Province of Genoa, Liguria, Italy.
Wilson Area High School is a four-year public high school located in Easton, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Wola Łęczeszycka [ˈvɔla wɛnt͡ʂɛˈʂɨt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Microsoft Build Engine, better known as MSBuild, is a free and open-source build tool set for managed code as well as native C++ code and was part of .NET Framework.
Stefan Gråhns (born April 19, 1982) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Växjö Lakers of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
He is on the board of directors for The Lunchbox Fund, a non-profit organization which provides daily meals to students of township schools in Soweto of South Africa.
Memorial plaque at his birth house Thelemangasse 8 in Hernals Edmund Samuel Eysler (12 March 1874 & ndash; 4 October 1949), was an Austrian composer. Edmund Eysler was born in Vienna to a merchant family.
Badajoz Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Badajoz) (IATA: BJZ, ICAO: LEBZ) is an airport located 13 km (8.1 mi) east of Badajoz, a city in Extremadura, Spain, and 45 km west of Mérida, Spain, the capital of the same Autonomous Community.
Mosagadu () is a 1980 Telugu film directed by K.
Classical Comics is a British publisher of graphic novel adaptations of the great works of literature, including Shakespeare, Charlotte Brontë and Dickens.
"Calleva Atrebatum (""Calleva of the Atrebates"") was originally an Iron Age settlement, capital of the Atrebates tribe, and subsequently a town in the Roman province of Britannia."
Ava Lowle Willing (September 15, 1868 – June 9, 1958) was an American socialite. She was the first wife of Colonel John Jacob Astor IV and later married Thomas Lister, 4th Baron Ribblesdale.
Ishaan Dev better known as shaan is an Indian music composer, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, music programmer and stage performer in several South Indian languages.
The Goblin Wood is a 2003 teen fantasy novel by Hilari Bell.
Durga Charan Panigrahi (born 29 March 1961) is an Indian mining scientist, author and was director of Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of Mines), Dhanbad.
The Motion Makes Me Last is an EP from Portland, OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper, under the name Eluvium.
The Singing Detective is a 2003 American musical crime comedy film directed by Keith Gordon and loosely based on the BBC serial of the same name, a work by British writer Dennis Potter.
LaLola is a Philippine television drama fantasy comedy series broadcast by GMA Network.
Runemarks is a 2007 children's fantasy novel by Joanne Harris.
Robert Beith (May 17, 1843 in Darlington Township, Canada West – January 26, 1922) was a Canadian politician and farmer.
Maya Jane Coles is a music producer, audio engineer and DJ based in the United Kingdom, born in London of British and Japanese descent.
Pavice (Serbian: Павице) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Torre Grosso is a frazione of the comune of Castel Ritaldi in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.
Hickory Grove Christian School (HGCS) is a private, college-preparatory Christian school located in Charlotte, North Carolina and consists of an early education center, elementary school, middle school, and high school.
Hyde County Airport (FAA LID: 7W6) is a county-owned, public-use airport in Hyde County, North Carolina, United States.
Lee Oval Jaynes Jr. (born July 25, 1940) is a former American football coach and college athletics administrator.
Breakfast at Sunrise is a 1927 silent film comedy directed by Malcolm St. Clair and produced by and starring Constance Talmadge.
Gavarsaleh (Persian: گاورسله‎, also Romanized as Gāvarsaleh; also known as Gadersaleh) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Paramanandayya Sishyula Katha () is a 1966 Indian swashbuckling adventure film, produced by Thota Subba Rao under the Sridevi Productions banner and directed by C.
El Dahir (Somali: Ceel-Daahir) formerly known as El Dofar (Somali: Ceel Doofaar), is a town in the northeastern Sanaag region of Somalia.
The Throb were an R&B-based garage rock band from Sydney, Australia, who were active in the mid-1960s.
Coordinates: 41°05′15″N 45°05′55″E﻿ / ﻿41.08750°N 45.09861°E﻿ / 41.08750; 45.09861 Quşçu Ayrım (also, Kushchi-Ayrum and Kushchu Ayrum) is a village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Kelleher has also worked with Fear and the Nervous System, 8mm, Wired All Wrong, and My Darling Murder. Tim Kelleher was born October 4, 1980, in Phoenix, Arizona.
Peter Barlow FRS (13 October 1776 – 1 March 1862) was an English mathematician and physicist.
Un sacco bello, internationally released as Fun Is Beautiful, is a 1980 Italian comedy film. The film, produced by Sergio Leone, marked the directorial debut of Carlo Verdone, as well his debut as main actor and as screenwriter.
Tom Smith (15 August 1920 – 3 April 2009) was a British make-up artist who was nominated at the 1982 Academy Awards for Best Makeup for the film Gandhi.
Yohanes Surya (born in Jakarta, November 6, 1963) is an Indonesian physicist and coach of Indonesian Physics Team for the Olympiad (TOFI) since 1993.
Thomas Brown Mitchell (c. 1843 in Dumfries – August 1921) was a two-time FA Cup winning Scottish football manager. Thomas Mitchell was born in Dumfries but moved south of the border c.1867.
Esther Pillar Grossi (Santa Maria, April 24, 1936) is a Brazilian educator. She was federal deputy for the PT in Rio Grande do Sul from 1995 to 2002 and has worked primarily in education.
Cinesound Varieties is a 1934 Australian variety short film from director Ken G. Hall made to go out on a double-bill with the full-length feature, The Silence of Dean Maitland (1934).
A Dangerous Game is a 1956 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt.
Culture and Society is a book published in 1958 by Welsh progressive writer Raymond Williams, exploring how the notion of culture developed in the West, especially Great Britain, from the eighteenth through the twentieth centuries.
Rouzbeh Rashidi (Persian: روزبه رشیدی‎; born 23 December 1980, Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian avant-garde filmmaker associated with the Remodernist film movement.
Um Crime no Parque Paulista is a 1921 Brazilian mystery film directed by Arturo Carrari and starring Nicola Tartaglione in his first role.
Thomas Wyatt Turner (March 16, 1877 – April 21, 1978) was an American civil rights activist, biologist and educator. Born in Hughesville, Maryland, Turner attended Episcopal local schools after Catholic schools refused to admit him because of his race.
Hurry Up, We're Dreaming (stylized as HurryUp,We'reDreaming.) is the sixth studio album by French electronic music band M83, released on 18 October 2011 by Naïve and Mute.
KLLB (1510 AM) was a Christian/Gospel formatted radio station licensed to West Jordan, Utah.
St. Katharine Drexel Preparatory School (Drexel Prep or SKDP ) is a private, Roman Catholic high school in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Khondakar Abdul Hamid (1 March 1918 – 22 October 1983) was a Bangladeshi journalist and politician.
Houston McTear (February 12, 1957 – November 1, 2015) was an American sprinter, who emerged from desperate poverty in the Florida Panhandle to become an international track star in the mid-1970s.
96 Minutes is a 2011 American crime thriller film written and directed by Aimée Lagos and starring Brittany Snow, Evan Ross, J. Michael Trautmann, David Oyelowo and Christian Serratos.
Stanley Miller Williams (April 8, 1930 – January 1, 2015) was an American contemporary poet, as well as a translator and editor.
Mariana de la Noche (Lit. title: Mariana of the night, English title: Dark Fate) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Salvador Mejía Alejandre for Televisa in 2003.
"GlassFrog International Aid Organization, referred to simply as ""GlassFrog"", is a not-for-profit organization based in Toronto, Canada. GlassFrog was created in December 2010 by Canadian entrepreneur and philanthropist Nicole Verkindt."
Jason Solomons (born 16 October 1969) is a British film critic, journalist, broadcaster and author.
Vukovar, jedna priča (Serbian Cyrillic: Вуковар, једна прича, English: Vukovar: A Story) is a Serbian war film directed by Boro Drašković.
"Village hall, Brandeston "" Brandeston is a village in Suffolk, England on the River Deben northeast of Ipswich."
Santiago Oppenheimer Van Rhyn[note 1] (23 May 1869 – ca. 1930) was the Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico in 1906.
A smaller variant named the HTC One Mini was released in August 2013, and a larger variant named the HTC One Max was released in October 2013.
Kedar Gouri (1954) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Nitai Palit.
Jamestown Regional Airport (IATA: JMS, ICAO: KJMS, FAA LID: JMS) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Jamestown, a city in Stutsman County, North Dakota, United States.
Artúr Harmat (27 June 1885 in Bojná – 26 April 1962 in Budapest) was a Hungarian composer.
WOHS (1390 kHz) is an AM radio station broadcasting an oldies format, featuring beach music. Facebook.com/WOHS Licensed to Shelby, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by HRN Broadcasting, Inc. but is leased by KTC Broadcasting.
Than Phu Ying Poonsuk Banomyong (; ; January 2, 1913 พ.ศ. – May 12, 2007) was the wife of former Thai Prime Minister Pridi Banomyong.
Karim Boudjema (born September 8, 1988 in Lyon) is a French-Algerian footballer.
Mallu Vetti Minor is a 1990 Tamil comedy film directed by Manobala.
Boxbomb was a rock band based in Central North Carolina. Its members have never changed and include Ryan Gustafson (vocals and guitar), Rob Mcfarlane (guitar), Justin Holder (drums), and Rosean Frank-Alexander (bass).
Mariano Garau (1952) is an Italian contemporary composer.
Saint-Aubin-sur-Loire is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
In the Spotlight is the fifteenth studio album by the American singer-songwriter and bass guitar player Suzi Quatro.
Asbak (Persian: اسبك‎, also Romanized as Aspak) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Korbovo is a village in the municipality of Kladovo, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1067 people.
I Am I (stylized I ΛM I) is an English heavy metal band led by former DragonForce vocalist ZP Theart.
Junko Asari (浅利 純子, Asari Junko, born 22 September 1969 in Kazuno, Akita) is a retired Japanese marathon runner.
Neighborhood Music is the fifth studio album by Mexican-American Chicano rap recording artist Lil Rob from San Diego, California.
Amidabad-e Olya (Persian: عميدابادعليا‎, also Romanized as ʿAmīdābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.
Simenon's brother Christian was born in September 1906 and eventually became their mother's favorite child, much to Simenon's chagrin.
Radoslav Rangelov (born 18 September 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for as a midfielder.
Minstrel in the Gallery is the eighth studio album by British band Jethro Tull, released in September 1975.
Huai Chomphu (Thai: ห้วยชมภู) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.
Farebi is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Suresh Issar.
Emma Davies Jones (née Davies, born 4 October 1978) is a British Olympic cyclist. Born in Knutsford, Cheshire.
Emily Wells (born November 20, 1981) is an American multi-instrumentalist, vocalist, composer, arranger, and producer whose genres encompass alternative, experimental, hip-hop and classical.
Toshia Mori (としあ もり) was a Japanese actress who had a brief career in American films during the 1930s.
Mad at the World is a Christian rock band from Southern California. The band originally consisted of brothers Roger Rose and Randy Rose and their friend Mike Pendleton, later joined by Brent Gordon.
The Boulton Paul P.120 was a British research aircraft produced to investigate delta wing aerodynamics in the early 1950s.
Play at Your Own Risk, Volume 2 is a compilation of punk rock/hardcore punk bands FLEX!.
Samuel Goldwyn Jr. was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of actress Frances Howard (born Frances Howard McLaughlin; 1903–1976) and the pioneer motion picture mogul Samuel Goldwyn (1879–1974).
I Think We're Alone Now is the third studio album by the pop rock band Tommy James and the Shondells released in 1967.
CILQ-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 107.1 FM in Toronto, Ontario.
Rhoda Vwosi (born ) is a retired Kenyan female volleyball player.
Vaniusha The Newcomer () is a 1990 Soviet Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich and Olga Panokina.
As Simple as That (, Be Hamin Sādegi) is a 2008 Iranian drama film directed by Reza Mirkarimi.
Pęcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Little Sister () is a Dutch award-winning drama film released in 1995 and directed by Robert Jan Westdijk.
Ilse Gramatzki (born 1939) is a German operatic mezzo-soprano and contralto who performed at major European opera houses.
The Wiwon Dam or Weiyuan Dam is a gravity dam on the Yalu River between China and North Korea.
The Hound of the Baskervilles is the third of the four crime novels written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle featuring the detective Sherlock Holmes.
Life's Mockery is a 1928 silent film drama directed by Robert F. Hill and starring Betty Compson.
XOK is the third studio album by Canadian alternative country band NQ Arbuckle.
Tohera is a village in Tori Parish, Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
Fire It Up is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Kottonmouth Kings.
Sri Ramkrishna Sikshalaya is a famous Higher Secondary School at 106, N. Dutta Road, Kadamtala, Howrah, West Bengal 711101 India.
"Mi Novia (""My Girlfriend"") is a painting Filipino painter Juan Luna."
Ryan Healy (born July 20, 1983) is an American professional mixed martial artist who has competed for many promotions including Strikeforce, WEC, Shine Fights, and Full Contact Fighting Federation.
KSSL 107.3 FM is a radio station licensed to Post, Texas.
A Foot in the Grave is a 1987 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.
Hohenlepte is a village and a former municipality in the district of Anhalt-Bitterfeld, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Polka Party with Brave Combo: Live and Wild! is an album by the American polka band Brave Combo, released through Easydisc on April 7, 1998.
Joachim Meisner (25 December 1933 – 5 July 2017) was a German cardinal of the Catholic Church.
The National States' Rights Party was a far right, white supremacist party that briefly played a minor role in the politics of the United States. Founded in 1958 in Knoxville, Tennessee, by Edward Reed Fields, a 26-year-old chiropractor and supporter of J.
The Election Defense Alliance (EDA) was founded in July 2006 by Sally Castleman, Jonathan Simon, and Dan Ashby.
Christos Palates (born July 13, 1990) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for the Cypriot side Akritas Chloraka in the Cypriot Third Division.
Chapter 4: Labor Pains is the fifth studio album by the American singer Syleena Johnson.
Anna Ramona Papaioannou (,born 15 June 1989) is a Cypriot sprinter.
Manon Lescaut is a 1926 silent German feature film based on the oft-filmed novel by Abbe Prevost. It stars Lya De Putti and was directed by Arthur Robison.
The Third Mind Movements is the final album released by British industrial group Throbbing Gristle in April 2009 from recordings made at the 2007 Desertshore Installation at the Institute of Contemporary Art on 1 to 3 June 2007.
Monolith is the second studio album by the British crust punk band Amebix, released in 1987 by Heavy Metal Records.
"Şevket Süreyya Aydemir (1897 in Edirne – 25 March 1976 in Ankara) was a Turkish writer, intellectual, economist, historian, and one of the founders and a key theorist of Kadro (""Cadre""), an influential policy journal published in Turkey from 1932 to 1934."
Bronwyn Bancroft (born 1958) is an Australian artist,[notes 1] and amongst the first Australian fashion designers invited to show her work in Paris.
The Alton Gift is a science fiction novel by American writers Marion Zimmer Bradley and Deborah J. Ross in the Darkover series.
Sacu () is a commune in Caraș-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 1681 people.
Shunee Yee is the president and CEO of CSOFT International, a communications and localization company.
Horace Faith (born Horace Smith, Jamaica) was a Jamaican reggae singer.
Juan Jacinto is an Argentinian multi-instrument musician, singer/songwriter, drummer, and percussionist based in London, U.K. actively involved in experimental music combining rhythms, melodies, and harmonies from South America.
Dick Smith at February 2020 collation of MilwApa Richard H.E. Smith II is a Chicago, Illinois- and Milwaukee, Wisconsin-based software engineer, computer consultant Dick Smith LinkedIn Public Profile and a science fiction fanzine publisher.
Sirumarudur is a village in the Avadaiyarkoilrevenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census, Sirumarudur had a total population of 451 with 213 males and 238 females.
Shri Ramdeobaba College of Engineering and Management (SRCOEM), formerly Shri Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru Engineering College (SRKNEC), is a college in Nagpur, Maharashtra, India.
The Kola Román is a Colombian soft drink that was invented in the city of Cartagena, Colombia in 1865 by Don Carlos Román.
Una Noche de Luna is a live album released by Marco Antonio Solís from Estadio Luna Park Buenos Aires Argentina on June 26, 2012.
Basic Chess Endings (abbreviated BCE) is a book on chess endgames which was written by Grandmaster Reuben Fine and originally published on October 27, 1941.
Joseph-Grégoire Bélanger (April 8, 1889 – March 17, 1957) was a politician Quebec, Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).
"""Bodyshakin'"" is a song by English boy band 911, released as the fifth single from their debut studio album The Journey (1997)."
Mehndi Rang Lagyo is a 1960 Gujarati film directed by Manhar Raskapur starring Rajendra Kumar and Usha Kiran in the lead roles.
Steinar Dagur Adolfsson (born 25 January 1970) is a retired Icelandic football defender. In his early career he played for Valur, KR Reykjavik and ÍA Akranes.
Gordon Mumma (born March 30, 1935, in Framingham, Massachusetts) is an American composer.
Dorothy Wilson (November 14, 1909 – January 7, 1998) was an American movie actress of the 1930s. Wilson was born and raised in Minneapolis, Minnesota, moving to Los Angeles, California after her high school graduation.
Zoran Sretenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Сретеновић; born August 5, 1964) is a Serbian basketball coach and former player.
Oberdorf-Spachbach is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Awake is the third studio album by the American ambient music project Tycho, released on 18 March 2014 by Ghostly International.
Maná en Vivo (in English: Maná Live) is the first live album (and seventh overall) released by the Mexican rock band Maná.
Vladimir Samsonov or Uładzimir Samsonaŭ (, born April 17, 1976) is a Belarusian professional table tennis player, ranked 18th as of December 2017.
Manuel Robles Aguila (born 6 March 1959 in Monachil, Granada) is a class 5 table tennis player from Spain.
Xorychti (Greek: Ξορύχτι) a village and a community in the municipal unit of Mouresi in the eastern part of Magnesia, Greece.
Orange Goblin are a heavy metal band from London, England. Formed in 1995, the band's lineup currently consists of singer Ben Ward, guitarist Joe Hoare, bassist Martyn Millard, and drummer Chris Turner.
Blood Secret is a young adult novel by Kathryn Lasky.
Lavan Rural District (Persian: دهستان لاوان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Kish District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
The White Mandingos are a rock supergroup from Woodstock, New York consisting of rapper Murs, former Rolling Stone journalist and MTV / VH1 producer Sacha Jenkins and Bad Brains' bassist Darryl Jenifer.
The Melker Sand is a geologic formation in Austria.
Li Chi-an (born 7 July 1945) is a North Korean football striker who played for North Korea in the 1966 FIFA World Cup.
Guangdong Pharmaceutical University (GDPU; Chinese: 广东药科大学; pinyin: Guǎngdōng Yàokē Dàxué) is a public university based in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China, which offers courses in pharmaceutical sciences.
KMWC 89.9 FM is a radio station licensed to Bethany, Missouri.
He married on 14 December 1886, Selina Colquhoun, daughter of James Cleland Burns of Glenlee, Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, and was succeeded in the Baronetcy by their son Francis.
Josef Kohler (March 9, 1849 – August 3, 1919) was a German jurist, author and poet. Kohler was born in Offenburg.
Ozar, Madhya Pradesh is a village in Rajpur tehsil of Barwani district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
The Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital (RJAH) in Oswestry, Shropshire, England is a specialist orthopaedic hospital which provides elective orthopaedic surgery.
Ashes Remain is an American Christian rock band, formed in 2001 and based in Baltimore, Maryland. The band was founded by Josh Smith and Ryan Nalepa.
Central Brasileira de Notícias (), or Rádio CBN for short, is a Brazilian news radio network, jointly owned by Sistema Globo de Rádio (Organizações Globo's radio division).
Switch is the eleventh studio album by the Australian rock band INXS, and their last to be composed of entirely new material.
The Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy of Rabat (also known as FMP-Rabat) is a Moroccan public higher education in Medicine and Pharmacy established in 1962 institution is affiliated with the University Mohammed V - Souissi Rabat.
Texas City Independent School District is a public school district based in Texas City, Texas.
"Colleen Murphy (born 1954 in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec) is a Canadian screenwriter, film director and playwright. ""."
Talisman: Live in Nagoya is a live album by Painkiller, a band featuring John Zorn, Bill Laswell, and Mick Harris, performing live in Nagoya, Japan.
Speight Jenkins Jr. (born January 31, 1937) is a classical music critic and music administrator. He was the general director of Seattle Opera from 1983 to 2014.
"Trail to San Antone is a 1947 American Western film directed by John English, written by Jack Natteford and Luci Ford, and starring Gene Autry, Peggy Stewart, Sterling Holloway, William "" Bill "" Henry, Johnny Duncan and Tris Coffin."
USS Swift (AM-122) was an acquired by the United States Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.
M. Susan Montgomery (born 2 April 1943 in Lansing, MI) is a distinguished American mathematician whose current research interests concern noncommutative algebras: in particular, Hopf algebras, their structure and representations, and their actions on other algebras.
"Jenkins in the role of Gustaf in "" The Void ReBooted "" Rob Jenkins (born 21 May 1975) is an Australian actor with experience in film, television and theatre."
Gardner Municipal Airport (IATA: GDM, ICAO: KGDM, FAA LID: GDM) is a public airport located 2 nmi (3.7 km) southwest of the central business district of Gardner, a city in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States.
The Clover Valley of Nevada, is a 37-mile (60 & nbsp;km) long Nevada, DeLorme Atlas & Gazetteer, pp. Wells, Nevada lies at its north end, on I-80.
Nijinsky is a 1980 American biographical film directed by Herbert Ross.
Testify is the most current recording released by Dynamic Praise, A gospel choir from Oakwood College. This album was recorded live at Madison Mission SDA Church.
Azimuth '85 is the fourth and next-to-last album by British jazz trio Azimuth featuring trumpeter Kenny Wheeler, vocalist Norma Winstone, and pianist John Taylor recorded in 1985 and released on the ECM label.
Braine Castle (French: Château de Braine) is a castle in Braine-le-Château, Walloon Brabant, Belgium.
Varkaus sub-region is a subdivision of Northern Savonia and one of the Sub-regions of Finland since 2009.
Whack Records is an independent record label founded by members of Australian dance group, Sneaky Sound System, Daimon Downey and Angus McDonald.
The Dreamer is the twenty-ninth and final studio album recorded by American R & B singer Etta James.
Paul Fillunger (June 25, 1883 in Vienna & ndash; March 7, 1937 in Vienna) was an Austrian geotechnical engineer.
Star Com Productions LLC is an American independent film and live event production company founded in January 2000 by American Director/Producer J.C.
Accrington /ˈækrɪŋtən/ is a town in the Hyndburn borough of Lancashire, England.
Silver Sun is the debut full album by the British power pop band Silver Sun.
Mark Daly (23 August 1887 – 27 September 1957) was a British film actor. http://ftvdb.bfi.org.uk/sift/individual/4413 Daly was born in Edinburgh, Scotland on 23 August 1887, making his first stage appearance in Swansea, Wales in 1906.
Ralph Nader (/ˈneɪdər/; born February 27, 1934) is an American political activist, author, lecturer, attorney, and presidential candidate, noted for his involvement in consumer protection, environmentalism and government reform causes.
Damage is a 1992 British/French film directed and produced by Louis Malle and starring Jeremy Irons, Juliette Binoche, Miranda Richardson, Rupert Graves, and Ian Bannen.
Dave Askren is an American jazz guitarist and educator.
The Deutsche Wasserball-Liga (DWL) is the premier category in the league system for water polo clubs in Germany.
Love on the Inside is the third studio album by American country music duo Sugarland, first released on July 22, 2008 as a Deluxe Fan Edition, including five bonus tracks, with the standard edition one week later, on July 29, on Mercury Nashville Records.
Arthur Sarnoff (born 1912 in Brooklyn, New York, Arthur Sarnoff - Artist, Art - Arthur Saron Sarnoff died 2000 in Boca Raton, Florida) was an American artist.
Tony Onyemaechi Elumelu (born 22 March 1963) is a Nigerian economist, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. He is the chairman of Heirs Holdings, the United Bank for Africa, Transcorp and founder of The Tony Elumelu Foundation.
Diane, Duchess of Württemberg (née Princess Diane Françoise Maria da Gloria d'Orléans; born 24 March 1940) is a French princess who is married to Carl, Duke of Württemberg, head of the House of Württemberg.
The Last Stage (Polish: Ostatni etap) is a 1947 Polish feature film directed and co-written by Wanda Jakubowska, depicting her experiences in the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II.
"""Home"" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Dierks Bentley."
Why He Gave Up is a 1911 American short silent comedy film starring Fred Mace and Mabel Normand. The film was co-directed by Mack Sennett and Henry Lehrman and shot in Huntington, Long Island.
Mary Margaret O'Hara is a Canadian singer-songwriter, actress and composer.
The Canon EF-S 18–200mm lens is a superzoom lens, manufactured by Canon.
Geostorm is a 2017 American science fiction disaster film directed, co-written, and co-produced by Dean Devlin in his feature film directorial debut.
Vathiyur is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As of 2001[update] census, Vathiyur had a total population of 4894 with 2443 males and 2451 females.
Fariborz Maseeh (Persian: فریبرز مسیح : Farīborz Masīh) is an Iranian-born Iranian-American pioneer in the field of micro-electro mechanical systems (MEMS) and philanthropist who founded IntelliSense in 1991 and sold it in 2000.
Kutztown Airport (FAA LID: N31) is a closed, public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) south of the central business district of Kutztown, a borough in Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Harold van der Heijden is a Dutch composer of chess endgame studies. He was born in Veghel, The Netherlands, on 18 December 1960.
Nowa Sławogóra [ˈnɔva swavɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Darreh Cheh (, also Romanized as Darreh Chāh) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Stelios Mainas (Greek: Στέλιος Μάινας; born 1 October 1957 in Ermoupoli, Syros) is a Greek actor.
Kord Tappeh is a village in the Ardabil Province of Iran.
Breaking Stalin's Nose is a 2011 children's historical novel written and illustrated by Eugene Yelchin.
Paesaggio Urbano - Urban Design is a bimonthly magazine focusing on architecture and urban design, founded in 1989, published by Gruppo Maggioli.
Omar Hassan (born (1991-04-04)4 April 1991) is an Egyptian male volleyball player.
"Lignes Aériennes Congolaises (), also known by its acronym LAC, was an airline of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with its head office in Kinshasa, and its central administration on the property of N'djili Airport in Kinshasa. ""."
Isai Scheinberg (Hebrew: ישי שיינברג‎; born 1946 or 1947) is the Israeli-Canadian founder of the PokerStars online poker site.
Carla Evelyn Giraldo Quintero Carla Giraldo (born on August 30, 1986 in Medellín, Colombia Carla Giraldo – Biografía y Datos Generales ) is a Colombian actress, model and singer.
Lakshmi Sahgal (pronunciation (help·info)) (born Lakshmi Swaminathan) (24 October 1914 – 23 July 2012) was a revolutionary of the Indian independence movement, an officer of the Indian National Army, and the Minister of Women's Affairs in the Azad Hind government.
A Saloon Wet with Beautiful Women (美女濡れ酒場, Bijo nure sakaba) is a 2002 Japanese pink film directed by Tatsurō Kashihara. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
Lucas Hauchard (; born 27 January 1996), known professionally as Squeezie, is a French Internet celebrity known for his videos posted on YouTube.
Emma Henriksson (born 18 November 1977) is a Swedish politician.
Tamir Airways was an airline based in Tel Aviv, Israel.
For 1976 Bangladeshi film, see Bondini (film) Bondini is a small Aboriginal community, located 10 km east of Wiluna in the Mid West region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Wiluna.
Paulino Uzcudun Eizmendi (3 May 1899 – 5 July 1985) was a Basque heavyweight boxer, who is considered to be the greatest heavyweight from Spain.
A Natural Death is the fourth studio album by Horse the Band.
Robert Matney (born 1976) in Dallas, Texas, is Managing Director of Government Affairs at Yonder (company).
A Blade in the Dark (Italian: La casa con la scala nel buio, lit. 'The House with the Dark Staircase') is a 1983 Italian giallo film directed by Lamberto Bava.
Guy Hervé Mahop (born April 26, 1984) is a Cameroonian footballer that currently plays for PSCS Cilacap in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division (LPIS).
Udmurt State University (Russian: Удмуртский государственный университет) is a public university in the city of Izhevsk, Russia.
Bokuzen Hidari (左 卜全, Hidari Bokuzen, 20 February 1894 - 26 May 1971) was a Japanese actor and comedian born in Kotesashi Village (now part of Tokorozawa), Iruma District, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.
My Friends (Italian: Amici miei) is a 1975 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Mario Monicelli.
Eve's Leaves is a 1926 silent film starring Leatrice Joy and William Boyd. The film was produced and distributed by Cecil B. DeMille and directed by Paul Sloane.
Adult Hawksbill sea turtles typically grow To 1 m (3 ft) in length, weighing around 80 kg (180 lb) on average.
Burnet Municipal Airport , also known as Kate Craddock Field, is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 & nbsp;km) southwest of the central business district of Burnet, a city in Burnet County, Texas, United States.
The Dinwoody Formation is a geologic formation in Montana.
South High School was a public high school in the Akron Public Schools that served the city of Akron, Ohio, from 1911 until its closure at the end of the 1979–80 school year.
The Grass Orphan is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Frank Hall Crane and starring Margaret Bannerman, Reginald Owen and Douglas Munro.
Yan Paing (Burmese: ရန်ပိုင်) born 27 November 1983 in Yangon) is a Burmese footballer who plays for the Myanmar national football team.
Our Lady of Good Counsel High School is a private, Catholic, college-preparatory, coeducational high school in Olney, Maryland, an unincorporated area of Montgomery County, Maryland.
Marcel Jacobo Laniado de Wind (June 4, 1927 – August 8, 1998) was an Ecuadorian agricultural engineer and banker who held a number of important public and private positions in Ecuador.
The Mind at Work is a book by Mike Rose about the intellectual lives of everyday workers.
Al G. Barnes Circus was an American circus run by Alpheus George Barnes Stonehouse.
"Robotrix (Chinese 女机械人 pinyin: nǚ jīxièrén ""Woman Robot"") is a 1991 Hong Kong science fiction exploitation film directed by Jamie Luk Kin-ming and produced by the Golden Harvest Company."
The Miners of Donetsk or Miners of the Don () is a 1951 Soviet drama film directed by Leonid Lukov.
Jack D. Moore (April 15, 1906 – December 29, 1998) was an American set decorator.
Highasakite is an indie pop and indie rock band originating from Norway.
Buju Banton (born Mark Anthony Myrie; 15 July 1973) is a Jamaican dancehall and reggae musician.
Geoffrey Lee Miller (26 & nbsp;January & nbsp;194210 October 2014) was a senior Australian public servant. Geoff Miller was born in Grafton, New South Wales on 26 January 1942.
Lancer France Mendoza Serrano (born May 22, 1990 in Mandaluyong City, Philippines), better known as Lance Serrano, is a Filipino actor, commercial model and gym instructor, Serrano have a several tv shows in GMA Network.
William Elliott or Elliot (1727–1766) was an English engraver. Elliott was born at Hampton Court in 1727.
Drango is a 1957 American Western film produced by Jeff Chandler's production company Earlmar Productions, written and directed by Hall Bartlett, and released by United Artists.
Neil Chambers (born September 5, 1974 in the United States) is an American designer, writer, blogger and green building expert.
Kevin Quiñones Quintana (born 30 April 1992 in Mexico D.F.) is a Mexican footballer, currently playing as a midfielder for Pumas Morelos of the Liga de Ascenso He studied at Colegi Madrid with Diego de Buen and David Izazola.
Animosity is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Corrosion of Conformity.
George James Webb, born on June 24, 1803 near Salisbury in Wiltshire, England, died on October 7, 1887 in Orange, New Jersey was an English-American composer.
"WJTA "" Holy Family Radio "" (for: "" Jesus, The Answer "" ) is a non-commercial FM broadcasting station licensed to Glandorf, Ohio with studio and transmitter located near Leipsic in rural Putnam County."
Urracá or Ubarragá Maniá Tigrí (d. 1531) was an Ngäbe Amerindian chieftain or cacique in the region of present-day Panama who fought effectively against the Spanish conquistadors.
Chilli Willi and the Red Hot Peppers were one of the main British pub rock groups of the early 1970s.
The Dark Crystal (sometimes referred to as Jim Henson's The Dark Crystal) is a 1982 puppet-animated dark fantasy film directed by Jim Henson and Frank Oz.
Masis (; until 1945, Tokhanshalu and Takhanshalu) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.
Tim Timmons was born in Columbus, Ohio.
The Institute of Home Economics (IHE) is a girls' college of the University of Delhi.
The Mooring is a 2012 suspense thriller film directed by Glenn Withrow, starring Hallie Todd, Thomas Wilson Brown, and ten young actors from across the United States.
Stephan Sullivan Jr. (born August 3, 1987), better known as his stage name Priceless the Kid (or PTK), is an American artist, musician, and songwriter.
Green River is the third studio album by American rock and roll band Creedence Clearwater Revival, released in August 1969.
Ali-Ollie Woodson (born Ollie Creggett; September 12, 1951 – May 30, 2010) was an American R&B singer, musician, songwriter, keyboardist, drummer, and occasional actor best known for his twelve years with The Temptations alongside Otis Williams.
Baku Kala Air Base is a military airbase in Baku (also known as Bakü or Baki), the capital of Azerbaijan.
Number One is the first album released by indie rock band Racine.
Kolonia Racięcka [kɔˈlɔɲa raˈt͡ɕent͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Jeff Roches is an American actor, best known for his work with director Sean Weathers.
The Gay Caballero is a 1940 western film directed by Otto Brower and starring Cesar Romero, Sheila Ryan and Robert Sterling.
Giovanni Battista Bassani (c. 1650 – 1 October 1716) was an Italian composer, violinist, and organist. Bassani was born in Padua.
KSMA (1240 AM) is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Santa Maria, California, United States and serves the Santa Maria-Lompoc area.
Lee Yeon-hee (; born January 9, 1988) is a South Korean actress.
Amabutho is the 1973 debut release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo, recorded for Gallo Record Company (the group are still with the label today).
Hermitage Capital Management is an investment fund and asset management company specializing in Russian markets founded by Bill Browder and Edmond Safra.
Dehnow-e Seh (, also known as Deh-e Now and Dehnow) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Levinhurst is an independent music band formed by British musician Lol Tolhurst, a founding member of The Cure, and his wife Cindy Levinson.
Sleeping Cupid is a painting by the Italian master Caravaggio.
Natasha Falle (born 1973) is a Canadian professor at Humber College in Toronto, Ontario, Canada who was forcibly prostituted from the ages of 15 to 27 and now opposes prostitution in Canada.
Second Sight is the fourth studio album by St. John's, Newfoundland-based band Hey Rosetta!.
Bolaji Amusan (born October 15, 1966) is a Nigerian comic actor, filmmaker, director and producer.
Mareen Duvall (1625 & ndash;1694) was a French Huguenot and an early American settler. He was born Marin Duval, at Nantes, France in 1625 and arrived in the Province of Maryland on August 28, 1650.
Anthology XV is a compilation album by South African rock act The Awakening released on April 27, 2013.
Season Hubley (born March 14, 1951) is an American actress and singer. Hubley was born Susan Hubley in New York City, the daughter of Julia Kaul (née Paine) and Grant Shelby Hubley, a writer and entrepreneur.
Chahar Cherik (Persian: چهارچريك‎, also Romanized as Chahār Cherīk and Chehār Charik) is a village in Zalian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.
No Place That Far is the second studio album by American country music artist Sara Evans.
Rajagopalan Parthasarathy is an Indian mathematician who specialised in representation theory of Lie groups and algebras. He was awarded in 1985 the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, the highest science award in India, in the mathematical sciences category.
Bắc Ninh (listen) is a city in the northern part of Vietnam and is the capital of Bắc Ninh Province.
Dale Wood (born 9 June 1983) is an Australian racing driver who currently co-drives for Kelly Racing's No.
Naan Aanaiyittal () is a 1966 Tamil-language romantic action film, directed by Tapi Chanakya.
Juliette Mole (born 1964) is an English actress and artist, now based in London. She is married to the actor Lloyd Owen.
Samwodzie [samˈvɔd͡ʑe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Ammaiyappanallor is a village in Kancheepuram District, Tamil Nadu, India near Uthiramerur. The population was 842 with 240 households as of 2001 Indian census.
Pardis County () is a county in the east of Tehran Province in Iran.
The University of Wisconsin Experimental College was a two-year college designed and led by Alexander Meiklejohn inside the University of Wisconsin–Madison with a great books, liberal arts curriculum.
Raktham is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Joshiy and produced by Jagan Appachan.
The Antelope Valley Press, colloquially referred to as the Valley Press or AV Press by its staff and Antelope Valley residents, is the largest-circulation daily newspaper in Palmdale, California, United States.
Wah-Ming's mother, Fai Sue Chang, was a graduate of Berkeley's California School of Arts and Crafts (today's California College of the Arts ), where she specialized in fashion design and etching.
Esmailabad-e Moin (, also Romanized as Esma‘īlābād-e Mo‘īn; also known as Esma‘īlābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran.
Gablin [ˈɡablin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Pennsylvania Route 512 (PA 512) is a 26.1-mile-long (42.0 km) state route in the Lehigh Valley region in eastern Pennsylvania.
Clandestine is a 1982 crime novel by American author James Ellroy.
Runa Natsui (born November 7, 1995) is a Japanese actress and model best known for playing the role of Shiba Kaoru in the TV show Samurai Sentai Shinkenger.
Liam Andrew Wright (born 19 October 1985) is a British film director, screenwriter and producer.
Show and Tell is the first live album by the Canadian band, The Birthday Massacre.
""" She Came from Fort Worth "" is a song written by Pat Alger and Fred Koller, and recorded by American country music artist Kathy Mattea."
Good Fortune in Ohio (German: Glück aus Ohio) is a 1950 West German comedy film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Hermann Brix, Edith Prager and Loni Heuser.
Refused (also known as The Refused) is a Swedish hardcore punk band originating from Umeå and formed in 1991.
Imogen and Twinka at Yosemite is a 1974 photograph by Judy Dater.
Elena Jane Goulding (/ˈɡoʊldɪŋ/ GOHL-ding; born 30 December 1986) is an English singer and songwriter.
WHMG-LP (98.7 FM) is a Catholic religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Purgitsville, West Virginia.
Beyond the Fall of Time is the second studio album by American thrash metal band Exmortus.
Kim Edward Beazley AO (30 September 1917 – 12 October 2007) was an Australian politician who served as a member of the House of Representatives from 1945 to 1977, representing the Labor Party.
The largest of the islands, Isabela, measures 2,250 square miles (5,800 km2) and makes up close to three-quarters of the total land area of the Galápagos. Volcán Wolf on Isabela is the highest point, with an elevation of 1,707 m (5,600 ft) above sea level.
Mojs I married Venys from the kindred Monoszló, a daughter of Macarius II Monoszló. They had three children: Alexander, the Bearer of the sword in 1233; Mojs II, who had held several important dignities since the 1250s and an unidentified daughter, who married Nana Bár-Kalán.
Beaulieu-sur-Dordogne (Occitan: Bel Luec) is a commune in the Corrèze department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, central France.
The Takasaki University of Commerce in Gunma Prefecture is used for exterior shots of Amanogawa High School in Kamen Rider Fourze. Fourze was written by Kazuki Nakashima, known for his screenplays of Oh!.
The Coroner's Lunch is a crime novel by British author Colin Cotterill first published in 2004.
Bayburt Province (Turkish: Bayburt ili) is a province of Turkey.
Tim Kelleher was born October 4, 1980, in Phoenix, Arizona.
Kabale is a town in the Western Region of Uganda.
Hilger de Burgis, O. Carm. (died 1452) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Cologne (1446-1452).
Game Change: Obama and the Clintons, McCain and Palin, and the Race of a Lifetime is a book by political journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin about the 2008 United States presidential election.
Varpolje (pronounced [ˈʋaːɾpɔljɛ]) is a settlement on the left bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Rečica ob Savinji in Slovenia.
Tiberiu Negrean (born 1 September 1988 in Cluj-Napoca) is a Romanian water polo player.
A Clash of Kings is the second novel in A Song of Ice and Fire, an epic fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin expected to consist of seven volumes.
Aarveld is a Dutch hamlet located in the commune of Heerlen, in the province of Dutch Limburg. On 1 January 2009, the hamlet had 2700 inhabitants.
Ponte is a frazione of the comune of Cerreto di Spoleto in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.
Dure Limite is the fourth studio album by French rock band Téléphone, released in 1982 on Virgin Records.
The Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Chillicothe, Missouri, United States.
Six Magics is a Chilean metal group formed initially by Pablo Stagnaro, Erick Ávila, Nicolás Espinoza, Juan Pablo Pizarro and Sergio Villarroel.
No Apologies is the fifth studio album by American rock band Trapt.
Jewish Renaissance is a quarterly cultural magazine, founded in October 2001, covering Jewish culture, arts and communities in Britain and beyond.
Sergey Gennadievich Bashkirov (born December 17, 1971 in Siberia), known as Sergey Bashkirov, is a contemporary Russian painter.
Sedgehill School is an 11–18 mixed, community secondary school and sixth form in Lewisham, Greater London, England.
Days of Fire (Italian: Gangsters '70) is a 1968 Italian crime-thriller film written and directed by Mino Guerrini.
Compassion is a live album by bassist Cecil McBee's Sextet recorded at Sweet Basil in 1977 and released on the Enja label.
Ærø Plus is a local political party set in Ærø Municipality. Ærø Plus was founded in September, 2013, with Carl Jørgen Heide as the chairman.
Kavale or Kavalem is a village in Ponda, Goa, India.
Ernest Martin Hennings (1886–1956) was an American artist and member of the Taos Society of Artists. E. Martin Hennings was born in Penns Grove, New Jersey on February 5, 1886 to German immigrant parents.
Lars Wichert (born 28 November 1986 in Berlin) is a German rower.
Minto Al Wright Airport (IATA: MNT, FAA LID: 51Z) is a state-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) east of the central business district of Minto, in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
"Jean-Michel Cohen (born 22 May 1959) is a French nutritionist and author, best known for the Parisian Diet. ""."
Infernal Affairs is a 2002 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak and written by Mak and Felix Chong.
John Dolan (September 12, 1867 in Newport, Kentucky – May 8, 1948 in Springfield, Ohio) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball.
Sabatham (English: Challenge) is 1971 black-and-white Tamil Drama – Romantic film, directed by P.
Ready is a 2008 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film directed by Srinu Vaitla.
Pithamagan (transl. God's Son) is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by Bala.
Reconfigurine is a remix album by Figurine, released in 2002.
Black Rage (also known as Catch the Black Sunshine (Australian video title) or Charcoal Black) is a 1972 American film, directed, produced, written by, and starring Chris Robinson.
Trebeševo (Cyrillic: Требешево) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Mulege Formation is a geologic formation in Mexico.
Fidanka Saparefska (born ) is a retired Greek female volleyball player, who played as a middle blocker. She was part of the Greece women's national volleyball team at the 2001 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 2002 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in Germany.
Age of Kill is an action film directed by Neil Jones and starring Martin Kemp, Patrick Bergin, April Pearson, Philip Davis and Bruce Payne.
""" Denver "" is a song written by Larry Gatlin, and recorded by American country music group Larry Gatlin & the Gatlin Brothers Band."
Marc Vampa (born June 8, 1946 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
Jagat Prakash Nadda (born 2 December 1960) is an Indian politician and the National President of the Bharatiya Janta Party since 20 January 2020.
Conspiracy in the Court (Korean: 한성별곡; RR: Hanseongbyeolgok; lit. Seoul's Sad Song), is a 2007 South Korean historical drama broadcast on KBS2.
Yoo Da-in (born Ma Young-seon on February 9, 1984) is a South Korean actress.
Mirimi Mathias Kanda (2 June 1942 & ndash; 30 October 2009) was a track and field athlete who competed for Rhodesia (today Zimbabwe) in the 1964 Summer Olympic men's marathon, finishing 51st and running 2:41.09 in the marathon.
The People's Party (, HP) is a political party in Northern Cyprus, founded on 6 January 2016.
Keshavarzeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Keshavarzeh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Deividas Gailius (born Deividas Daunys; April 26, 1988) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for Neptūnas Klaipėda of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
Jim Sochor (February 11, 1938 – November 23, 2015) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator.
Ilavarasan (lit. 'Prince') is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by Senthilnathan.
Grant Union High School is a public high school in John Day, Oregon, United States.
The Great Speckled Bird was a counterculture underground newspaper based in Atlanta, Georgia from 1968 to 1976.
""" A Tender Lie "" is a song written by Randy Sharp, and recorded by American country music band Restless Heart."
Yousef Khanfar is an award-winning Palestinian-American photographer and author.
Chris Bathgate (born April 21, 1982) is an American indie folk singer-songwriter and musician. He is prominent in the Ann Arbor and Ypsilanti folk music scene in Michigan.
Map of the Invisible World is the second novel by Tash Aw and was released in 2009.
Love Never Dies is a romantic musical composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber with lyrics by Glenn Slater and a book by Lloyd Webber, Ben Elton, Frederick Forsyth and Slater.
Sugrib Singh (born 1 August 1963) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Phulbani constituency of Orissa and is a member of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) political party.
Spyglass Media Group, formerly Spyglass Entertainment (legally Spyglass Entertainment Holdings, LLC), is an American film production company founded by Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum in 1998.
The Pingat Berkebolehan (Efficiency Medal) was instituted in Singapore in 1969.
The Whale Road is the first novel of the four-part Oathsworn series by Scottish writer of historical fiction, Robert Low, released on 1 August 2007 through Harper.
Broke was born at Broke Hall, Nacton, near Ipswich, the eldest son of Philip Bowes Broke, grandson of Philip Broke and descendant of Sir Richard Broke, who served as Chief Baron of the Exchequer.
Kotraža is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia.
Nigel Sinclair, CBE is a Scottish producer of Hollywood films. Sinclair was born on 31 March 1948 in Corbridge, Northumberland, England.
Erich Kemnitz (born January 19, 1936 in Berlin) was a West German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
John Hope College Preparatory High School (known as John Hope or JHCP) is a public four–year high school located in the Englewood neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
WRBL, virtual channel 3 (UHF digital channel 15), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Columbus, Georgia, United States, serving the Chattahoochee Valley of west-central Georgia and east-central Alabama.
Krubki-Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Essie Pinola Parrish (1902–1979), was a Kashaya Pomo spiritual leader and exponent of native traditions.
Okolišta (Serbian: Околишта) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Bublica is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 202 people.
Kukunjevac is a village in Croatia.
Budy-Zbroszki [ˈbudɨ ˈzbrɔʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Spodnja Pristava (pronounced [ˈspoːdnja ˈpɾiːstaʋa]) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Slovenske Konjice in eastern Slovenia.
Forsyth County Schools is a public school district in Forsyth County, Georgia, United States, based in Cumming.
Step Up Your Game is the first full-length studio album by the Norwegian band Gerilja.
Mata Gujri Mahila Mahavidyalaya also known as Mata Gujri College is an autonomous college located in Jabalpur.
Falguni Hamid is a Bangladeshi actress, playwright, director and producer. Hamid completed master's in Bangla from the University of Dhaka.
Chinitas's Cafe (Spanish: Café de Chinitas) is a 1960 Spanish film directed by Gonzalo Delgrás.
Krešimir Lončar (born February 12, 1983) is a Croatian professional basketball player for s.Oliver Würzburg of the Basketball Bundesliga.
Anton Reisenegger von Oepen (born January 21, 1969) is the lead guitarist and vocalist of the Chilean Thrash/Death metal band Criminal.
Fatal Contact (Chinese: 黑拳) is a 2006 Hong Kong martial arts film written, produced and directed by Dennis Law, and starring Wu Jing, Ronald Cheng, Miki Yeung, Theresa Fu, Cheung Siu-fai, Ken Lo, Andy On, Lam Suet and Timmy Hung.
The Hashidate (はしだて) is a limited express train service operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) in Japan.
The Max Planck Institute for Coal Research (German: Max-Planck-Institut für Kohlenforschung) is an institute located in Mülheim an der Ruhr, Germany specializing in chemical research on catalysis.
The House of Silence is a lost The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog: The House of Silence 1918 American silent drama film directed by Donald Crisp and written by Elwyn Alfred Barron and Margaret Turnbull.
""" I'm Still in Love with You "" is the second single from American R & B/pop group New Edition as a sextet from their sixth studio album Home Again (1996)."
Paid in Full is a lost The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Database:Paid in Full 1914 silent film drama directed by Augustus E. Thomas and starring Tully Marshall.
Soul Embraced is a Christian melodic death metal band from Little Rock, Arkansas, United States. It was originally a side project for Rocky Gray and David Sroczynski.
Väinjärv is a lake of Estonia.
Cerani () is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Mike Laird (born July 1, 1974, Portsmouth, Virginia) is an American professional BMX rider.
Inc. is an American business magazine founded in 1979 and based in New York City.
Coláiste Ráithín is a secondary school located in Bray, County Wicklow, Ireland, which was founded in 1991.
The Rip Tide is the third studio album by the American indie folk band Beirut, released in August 30, 2011.
Aichi University of Technology (愛知工科大学, Aichi kōka daigaku) is a private university in Gamagōri, Aichi, Japan.
Cross Border Trio is an international collaborate jazz group featuring American saxophonist Jason Robinson (musician), bassist Rob Thorsen, and Mexican percussionist Paquito Villa.
Commercial xerographic office photocopying was introduced by Xerox in 1959, and it gradually replaced copies made by Verifax, Photostat, carbon paper, mimeograph machines, and other duplicating machines.
Aulad (English: Child; Hindi: औलाद) is a 1987 Indian melodrama film, produced by Chander Sadanah under the Sadanah Brothers banner and directed by Vijay Sadanah.
Faye Sultan AlEssa (Arabic: فيّ سلطان; born 20 October 1994) is a Kuwaiti swimmer who competed in the Women's 50m Freestyle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics as the first female swimmer to represent Kuwait at the olympics.
"The Monti Ernici (Italian: "" Mountains of the Hernici "" ) are a mountain range in central Italy, part of the sub-Apennines of Lazio."
Ice Age: The Meltdown is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy adventure film produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
Take 6, released in 1988 on Reprise Records, is the first album by the American contemporary Gospel music group Take 6.
Sonic the Hedgehog CD[a] is a 1993 platform game for the Sega CD.
EDC 2013: Under the Electric Sky is an American musical documentary film co-directed by Dan Cutforth and Jane Lipsitz.
The Higher Command () is a 1935 German historical film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Lil Dagover, Karl Ludwig Diehl and Heli Finkenzeller.
Reluctant Angel is a 1998 Canadian film directed by John Helliker and starring Megan Follows.
Chidawan Anandamrongchai () (former name Tanaporn Polrueng ); born is a Thai female volleyball player. She was part of the Thailand women's national volleyball team.
"""My Avatar"" is the fifth Japanese single by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 5th Japanese single album of the same name."
Pigłowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Abdoulaye Diallo (born 30 March 1992) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Gençlerbirliği and the Senegal national football team. Born in France, he is a former graduate of the prestigious Clairefontaine academy and joined Rennes in 2007.
Mark Walter is an American businessman and the chief executive officer of Guggenheim Partners, a privately held global financial services firm with more than $290 & nbsp;billion in assets under management and headquarters in Chicago and New York.
Eberhard Frowein (1881–1964) was a German screenwriter and film director.
City Girl is a 1938 American crime film directed by Alfred L. Werker and written by Lester Ziffren, Frances Hyland and Robin Harris.
Cities in Love (Chinese: 恋爱中的城市) is a 2015 Chinese romance anthology film directed by Muye Wen, Runnian Dong, Yi Han, Fu Tien-yu and Jiatong Yi.
Beršići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia.
Milan Horvat (28 July 1919 – 1 January 2014) was a Croatian conductor. Horvat was born in Pakrac.
The Pratt Formation is a geologic formation in Alabama.
Saint-Benoît-la-Forêt is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
De Sade (German title: Das Ausschweifende Leben des Marquis De Sade) is a 1969 American-German drama film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Keir Dullea, Senta Berger and Lilli Palmer.
XHGSE-FM is a radio station on 98.1 FM in Guasave, Sinaloa.
Lomboz is an open-source Eclipse plug-in for the Java EE development environment.
Stein Mehren (16 May 1935 – 28 July 2017) was a Norwegian poet, essayist and playwright.
Sounding the Seventh Trumpet is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold, released on July 24, 2001 by GoodLife Recordings.
Sinatra at the Sands is a live album by Frank Sinatra accompanied by Count Basie and his orchestra, and conducted and arranged by Quincy Jones, recorded live in the Copa Room of the former Sands Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas in 1966.
Love Is the Answer is the thirty-second studio album of jazz standards by Barbra Streisand released on September 29, 2009.
Stephen Chan Chi-wan, born 1958, is the Chief Advisor of Commercial Radio Hong Kong, and was the chief executive officer of Commercial Radio Hong Kong, and the general manager of Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB).
Florida Atlantic University High School (FAU High School) is a public, dual enrollment high school on the campus of Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Florida.
Espen Lie Hansen (born 1 March 1989) is a Norwegian handball player for HBC Nantes and the Norwegian national team. EHF profile He competed at the 2016 European Men's Handball Championship.
Rithvik Dhanjani (born 5 November 1988) is an Indian television actor.
Jasne Pole () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
John James Uy[fn 1] is a Filipino-American, artist, host and model.
Boffres is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Gary Wehrkamp (born May 11, 1970 in Butler, New Jersey) is an American musician, songwriter and producer. He is most notably a member of the American progressive rock band Shadow Gallery.
Abdulwahab Alamrani (Arabic: عبد الوهاب العمراني‎) Yemeni diplomat with the rank of ambassador, writer, author and traveler.
Love Sick Radio is the debut EP by former Hinder lead singer Austin John.
Lee Yong-min (1916 – April 26, 1983) is a South Korean film director, screenwriter and cinematographer.
Charles Aznavour, released in December 1961, is the eighth French studio album by the French-Armenian singer Charles Aznavour.
Swastika Mukherjee (born 13 December 1980) is an Indian actress and the daughter of Late Santu Mukhopadhyay.
Syed Sallauddin Pasha is a Bharatanatyam and Kathak dancer, Choreographer, Actor and Founder Artistic Director of Ability Unlimited, a therapeutic dance theater on Wheelchairs in India.
Wolf Devil Woman (Mandarin: 狼女白魔, pronounced Lang nu bai mo), also known as Wolfen Ninja, is a 1982 Taiwanese fantasy horror film starring and directed by Pearl Chang.
REDIRECT Save the Last Dance Category:Albums produced by Raphael Saadiq Category:Film soundtracks Category:Hip hop soundtracks Category:2000 soundtracks Category:Hollywood Records soundtracks Category:Rhythm and blues soundtracks Category:Albums produced by Eddie F.
Héctor Salerno (born (1991-06-18)18 June 1991) is a Venezuelan male volleyball player.
"Afshin Ghaffarian (Persian: افشین غفاریان‎, Persian pronunciation: [æfʃiːn-e ɢæˈffɒːɾiːɒːn]; born 1986 in Mashhad) is an Iranian Choreographer, Director, Dancer, and Actor, participating primarily with the group ""Reformances""."
Adam Ant Is the Blueblack Hussar in Marrying the Gunner's Daughter is the sixth solo studio album by Adam Ant.
Chairman of the Board is a 1998 American comedy film directed by Alex Zamm, and starring Carrot Top in his only lead role in a feature-length film.
Marshall Williams (born July 31, 1989) is a Canadian actor and model.
Meg Thalken (born (1954-09-30)September 30, 1954 in Washington, District of Columbia) is an American stage, film and television actress, known to television viewers for her work on ER.
Ogtay Shiraliyev Kazim oglu (; born in 1950) is a professor, PhD and Azerbaijani politician serving as the Minister of Healthcare of Azerbaijan Republic.
Lions Clubs International (LCI) is an international non-political service organization established originally in 1917 in Chicago, Illinois, by Melvin Jones. It is now headquartered in Oak Brook, Illinois.
Pierre Denis (born 21 March 1964) is the CEO of Jimmy Choo Ltd, a position to which he was appointed in July 2012.
The General Service Medal (GSM) () is a service medal of Canada established by Her Majesty The Queen in March 2004 and presented for the first time on 29 November 2004.
Vistoso Bosses were an American R&B duo made up of Taylah P. and Kelci from Atlanta, Georgia.
Youssef Badra (Arabic: يوسف بدرة‎; born July 5, 1984) is a Tunisian judoka, who played for the half-middleweight category.
The Third Way of Love () is a 2015 Chinese romance film directed by John H. Lee and starring Liu Yifei and Song Seung-heon.
"""The Right Left Hand"" is a song written by Dennis Knutson and A.L. ""Doodle"" Owens, and recorded by American country music artist George Jones."
St. Mary Catholic Secondary School is a Catholic Canadian secondary school located in Pickering, Ontario.
"""Through the Iris"" is a single released by alternative rock/metal band 10 Years in 2006."
Erdal Sunar (born on May 1, 1982 in Kütahya, Turkey) is a Turkish weightlifter competing in the –85 kg division.
Kusthi is a 2006 Indian Tamil-language comedy film directed by Raj Kapoor, starring Prabhu and Karthik in lead roles, while Vadivelu, Manya, Flora, Vijayakumar and Radha Ravi play supporting roles.
David E. Stone (born December 11, 1947) is an American sound editor.
Akeomi Nitta (新田明臣, born July 23, 1973) is a Japanese kickboxer.
Marianne Allen Tasker (1852 & ndash;1911) was a New Zealand domestic servant, feminist, community leader and trade unionist.
Kaj Erik Persson Hassle (born 26 August 1988), better known as Erik Hassle, is a Swedish pop singer and songwriter.
Gregory Keyes (born April 11, 1963) is an American writer of science fiction and fantasy who has written both original and media-related novels under both the names J. Gregory Keyes and Greg Keyes.
He was widely regarded as one of the most popular French Presidents, particularly after highly controversial Alexandre Millerand, who was his predecessor. Doumergue was single when elected, and became the first President of France to marry in office.
KWEN (95.5 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Freelance Whales is an American indie rock band which formed in Queens, New York, United States, in 2008.
Salar Kia (, also Romanized as Sālār Kīā) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Brezik () is a village in the municipality of Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Ahmed Mohamed (Arabic: أحمد الكردى‎; born April 8, 1996 in Cairo) is an Egyptian sport shooter.
Architecture in Helsinki is an Australian indie pop band which consisted of Cameron Bird, Gus Franklin, Jamie Mildren, Sam Perry, and Kellie Sutherland.
Wagga Wagga (/ˌwɒɡə ˈwɒɡə/; informally called Wagga) is a major regional city in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.
Stuart Hall was born in Kingston, Jamaica, into a middle-class Jamaican family of African, British, Portuguese Jewish and likely Indian descent.
Oh Islam (Arabic: وا اسلاماه‎, translit. Wa Islamah, and also released as Love and Faith) is a 1961 Egyptian drama film directed by Enrico Bomba and Andrew Marton.
Lance Jordan is an American DJ/producer/musician/songwriter.
Toni Braxton is the debut studio album by American singer Toni Braxton.
Živica (Serbian Cyrillic: Живица) is a village in the municipality of Požarevac, Serbia.
Ureo Egawa (江川 宇礼雄, Egawa Ureo, 7 May 1902 – 20 May 1970) was a Japanese actor active from the 1920s to the 1960s.
Taba International Airport () is an international airport located on the Sinai Plateau, with an elevation of 2,470 & nbsp;ft, and serves Taba, Egypt.
WAVU (630 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Albertville, Alabama, United States.
WXNU (106.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to St.
Mac and Me is a 1988 American comic science fiction film co-written (with Steve Feke) and directed by Stewart Raffill.
Totuutta ja tehtävää (in English: Truth and Dare) is the fifth album and the first compilation album by Finnish pop rock singer-songwriter Maija Vilkkumaa.
19 is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele.
We All Fall Down is a 2000 Canadian drama film directed by Martin Cummins.
The 21st Lancers (Empress of India's) was a cavalry regiment of the British Army, raised in 1858 and amalgamated with the 17th Lancers in 1922 to form the 17th/21st Lancers.
Tim Cronk (born June 22, 1987, in Kingston, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football fullback who is currently a free agent.
Leather Launderette is the 16th album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, recorded together with fellow musician Rod Clements.
"""Running to Stand Still"" is a song by rock band U2, and it is the fifth track from their 1987 album, The Joshua Tree."
"Coiscéim ([kɔʃ.ceːmʲ], ""Footstep"") is a prolific Dublin-based Irish-language publisher founded by writer, historian and language activist Pádraig Ó Snodaigh in 1980."
Six Feet Down Under Part II is a limited edition commemorative live EP by the American heavy metal band Metallica.
Manisa Celal Bayar University or (MCBÜ) is a public research university located in Manisa, Turkey.
The Last Days of Pompeii (Italian:Gli ultimi giorni di Pompeii) is a 1908 Italian silent historical film directed by Arturo Ambrosio and Luigi Maggi and starring Lydia De Roberti and Umberto Mozzato.
Oberviechtach (German pronunciation: [oːbɐˈfiːçtax]) is a town in the district of Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany.
Beth Carey (born ) is an Australian female volleyball player.
Yaguarón is a city in Paraguay, located at the base of Yaguarón Hill in the Yaguarón District of Paraguarí Department, 48 kilometres (30 mi) from the capital Asunción.
Rugenio Josephia (born 1 December 1989) is a Curaçao international footballer who plays for TSV NOAD, as a goalkeeper. Josephia has played club football for SV Juventus and TSV NOAD.
Jakov Gojun (born 18 April 1986) is a Croatian handball player for Füchse Berlin.
REDIRECT Love Letter (game show).
Undeniably the Whitlams is the second studio album by Australian band The Whitlams, released by Black Yak / Phantom in 1994. Due to popular request, it was re-released in 2001 as Undeniably The Whitlams - Reworked.
Ponkathir is a 1953 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by E. The film stars Prem Nazir and Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair.
Dharma Daata (Telugu: ధర్మదాత) is a 1970 Telugu, drama film, produced by Tammareddy Krishna Murthy under the Ravindra Art Pictures banner and directed by A.
The Victoria Park Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.
Dilan Jay (formerly DeLon) is a Sri Lankan-American actor, producer, singer, rapper and activist from Los Angeles, California.
Richard B. Wright, CM, (March 4, 1937 – February 7, 2017) was a Canadian novelist.
Valentin Bratoev (; October 21, 1987 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian volleyball player a member of Bulgaria men's national volleyball team and Bulgarian club CSKA Sofia.
KFMM (99.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic rock format. Licensed to Thatcher, Arizona, United States, the station is owned by Cochise Broadcasting LLC.
Charles Brandon Potter (born July 28, 1982) is an American voice actor, voice director, and script writer who works for anime series at Funimation/OkraTron 5000.
Before Tomorrow () is a Canadian drama film, released in 2008. Directed by Marie-Hélène Cousineau and Madeline Ivalu, the film is an adaptation of the novel Før Morgendagen by Danish writer Jørn Riel.
The Membranes are an English post-punk band formed in Blackpool, Lancashire in 1977, the initial line-up being John Robb (bass guitar), Mark Tilton (guitar), Martyn Critchley (vocals) and Martin Kelly (drums).
Wintermind is the second novel of the Masters of Solitude trilogy, written by authors Marvin Kaye and Parke Godwin.
A Light Woman is a 1928 British silent romance film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Benita Hume, C.M.
Robert Cicchini is an American film and television actor and director.
Wai Pang Kwan (Chinese: 關維鵬; born 20 March 1945 in Guilin, Guangxi), known professionally as Teddy Robin (Chinese: 泰迪羅賓), is a Hong Kong English pop singer-songwriter, actor, and director and producer.
L'Étoile du Nord (English: The North Star) is a 1982 French film directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre and based on a novel by Georges Simenon, starring Simone Signoret, Philippe Noiret, Fanny Cottençon and Julie Jézéquel.
Vincent Beduer (born 17 March 1987 in Figeac) is a French professional football player. Currently, he plays in the Championnat National for Aviron Bayonnais FC.
License to Wed is a 2007 American romantic comedy film starring Robin Williams, Mandy Moore and John Krasinski, and directed by Ken Kwapis.
Nigger Heaven is a 1926 novel written by Carl Van Vechten, set during the Harlem Renaissance in the United States in the 1920s.
Full Swing is the debut EP from Cornish Folk Punk band Crowns.
The Kiln is a novel by William McIlvanney, first published in 1996.
Roudouallec () is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Dorothy Quincy Hancock Scott (/ˈkwɪnzi/; May 21 (May 10 O.S.) 1747 – February 3, 1830) is an American hostess, daughter of Justice Edmund Quincy of Braintree and Boston, and the wife of Founding Father John Hancock.
Nowy Garwarz [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡarvaʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Sex Quartet (, 'the fairies') is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli, Mauro Bolognini, Antonio Pietrangeli and Luciano Salce.
Filip Arsenovski (Macedonian: Филип Арсеновски) (born 30 July 1998) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for RK Metalurg Skopje and the Macedonian national team.
Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District (Persian: دهستان چشمه كبود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Fred Eversley (born 1941, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American sculptor who lives in Soho, New York.
Dr. Ernesto Foldats Andins (1925 – 2003), was born in Latvia, as Ernests Foldāts. He later moved to Venezuela, where he became a successful botanist and orchidologist.
Sara Khoshjamal Fekri (Persian: سارا خوش‌جمال فکری‎, born 21 September 1988 in Rudbar) is an Iranian taekwondoka and the first Iranian female taekwondo Olympic qualifier.
Sri Krishna Leela (தமிழ்:ஸ்ரீகிருஷ்ணலீலா, English: The Play of Lord Krishna) is a 1977 Tamil Hindu devotional film, written and directed by A.
Andrei Pacheco (born 20 September 1984 in Princes Town) is a Trinidad and Tobago football (soccer) player, who played for W Connection and currently plays for Marabella Family Crisis Centre.
Perth is a suburb in Western Australia that includes both the central business district of the Perth metropolitan area, and a suburban area spreading north to the northern side of Hyde Park.
If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things is British writer Jon McGregor's first novel, which was first published by Bloomsbury in 2002.
Shanti Snyder (born 4 June 1981), better known as Shanti, is a Japanese lyricist, singer, songwriter, and music TV host of mixed descent, based in Japan and hailing from Kanagawa Prefecture.
Satoshi Shimizu (清水 聡, Shimizu Satoshi, born March 13, 1986 in Okayama) is a Japanese professional boxer who has held the OPBF featherweight title since 2017.
Raja Chaudhary (born 23 July 1975) is an Indian television actor, writer and producer.
Khadeeja was an Indian actress in Malayalam movies.
Neo Jessica Joshua (born in December 1987), better known as Nao (/ˈneɪ.oʊ/), is an English singer-songwriter and record producer from East London. Her sound has been described as soul combined with electronic music, funk and R&B.
The Petitcodiac River /pɛtiˈkoʊdi. The river has a meander length of 79 kilometres (49 miles) and is located in Westmorland, Albert, and Kings counties, draining a watershed area of about 2,071 square kilometres (800 sq mi).
Twist with Steve Alaimo is a studio album recorded by Steve Alaimo and released in 1961.
Budy-Grudzie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The West Tamar Highway is a highway in Tasmania, Australia.
Kaleb Canales (born July 7, 1978) is an American basketball assistant coach for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Rowney Green is a village in the English county of Worcestershire.
Galilea Airport (ICAO: SPGB) is an airport serving the river town of Puerto Galilea (es) in the Amazonas Region of Peru.
Candice Morgan (born 27 December 1980 in Lenasia, Johannesburg, South Africa) is an actress and former beauty queen from South Africa.
Aslanbek Soltanovich Bulatsev (, ; born in 1963 in Mikhaylovskoye, Prigorodny District, North Ossetian ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) Ministry of Press and Mass Communications: Profile of Aslanbek Bulatsev is an Ossetian politician and official.
Mircea Dușa (born 1 April 1955 in Toplița) is a Romanian economist and politician, who was the Minister of National Defense from 21 December 2012 to 17 November 2015 in the cabinets of former Prime Minister Victor Ponta.
Kania Mała (German: Vorwerk Kannenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
"Société Air Alpes was a French airline company headquartered in Chambéry Airport and in Viviers-du-Lac, Savoie, near Chambéry. ""."
Escape to the Sun is a 1972 drama film written and directed by Menahem Golan and starring Laurence Harvey, Josephine Chaplin, John Ireland, Lila Kedrova and Jack Hawkins.
Alexis Mané (born 30 April 1997) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Nantes II. Mané is a youth exponent from En Avant de Guingamp.
Sherkat-e Madaras (Persian: شركت مدرس‎) is a village in Kenarshahr Rural District, in the Central District of Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 8 families.
Murrieta Valley High School (MVHS) opened in 1990 as the first four-year comprehensive high school in Murrieta, California.
Heli-Jet Heliport is a private heliport located 1 mile southwest of Eugene in Lane County, Oregon, United States.
Transfer of Power is Vince Flynn's second published book in 1999 and is where the reader meets Mitch Rapp, the CIA's super agent.
Blankenese (German pronunciation (help·info)) is a suburban quarter in the borough of Altona in the western part of Hamburg, Germany; until 1938 it was an independent municipality in Holstein.
Sanhoui is a village in the Sabce Department of Bam Province in northern-central Burkina Faso. It has a population of 738.
Naked Fury is a 1959 British crime thriller directed by Charles Saunders.
Sugubine is a village in the municipality of Sjenica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 183 people.
Suomenmaa is a Finnish language party newspaper published four days a week from Tuesday to Friday in Oulu, Finland.
Hendrick Krock (21 July 1671 – 18 November 1738) was a Danish history painter who, from 1706, was the court painter of Frederick IV as well as his successor Christian VI.
John Mason (c. 1773 – September 26, 1839) was an early American businessperson, merchant and banker.
Manuel Machata (born April 18, 1984) is a German former bobsledder who competed from 2005 to 2015. Manuel Machata grew up in Ramsau near Berchtesgaden, Germany.
The Zalău City Hall (Romanian: Primăria Zalău) is a building in Zalău which was built in 1889.
"Bahrain Bay is located on the main island of Bahrain (26°15'01.1""N 50°34'45.8""E) and 6.8 kilometres (4.2 miles) (15 minutes) from Bahrain International Airport."
Hello Ladies is an American sitcom created by Stephen Merchant, Lee Eisenberg, and Gene Stupnitsky.
Luis Zambrano (Bailadores, May 1, 1901 - Tovar, August 15, 1990) was a self-taught inventor and mechanic from Mérida, Venezuela.
André Erkau (born 1968 in Dortmund) is a German film director and screenplay writer.
Face the Truth is the second solo album by John Norum, the guitarist in the Swedish hard rock band Europe.
Daniela Volpi (born ) is a retired Italian female volleyball player. She was part of the Italy women's national volleyball team.
Laa (, ; meaning: No) is a 2014 Pakistani drama written by playwright and poet Sarmad Sehbai, and directed by Farooq Rind and produced by Momina Duraid.
Yahaan (English: Here) is a 2005 Indian Hindi war drama, romance film jointly produced by Sahara One Motion Pictures and Red Ice Films with Shoojit Sircar as the director in his directorial debut.
Paul Chiu (; born 19 February 1942) is a Taiwanese politician.
Nowy Puznów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈpuznuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Anyuysk (Russian: Аню́йск) is a rural locality (a selo) in Bilibinsky District in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located west of Bilibino on the border with the Sakha Republic and on the banks of the Maly Anyuy River.
The Rockport Formation is a geologic formation in West Virginia.
Yamoudou Camara (born 12 August 1987) is a French footballer who plays as a centre back. Although he never made his league debut for AS Nancy, Camara made two Cup appearances in the 2007–08 season.
Curtis Russell is the President of the Eastern Professional Hockey League (EPHL) and current owner of the Hudson Valley Bears, Jersey Rockhoppers, and investor / minority owner of Danbury Mad Hatters, a post he has held since their inception.
Linfen Qiaoli Airport is an airport serving the city of Linfen in Shanxi Province, China.
Liverpool is noted for having two Cathedrals, each of which imposes over the landscape around it. The Anglican Cathedral, which was constructed between 1904 and 1978, is the largest Cathedral in Britain and the fifth largest in the world.
Fire and Ashes (Persian: آتش و خاكستر Atash va khakestar) is a 1961 Iranian film directed by Khosrow Parvizi.
CKRX-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an active rock format at 102.3 FM in Fort Nelson, British Columbia.
"KQLX-FM (106.1 FM, "" Thunder 106.1 "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a classic-based country music format. Licensed to Lisbon, North Dakota, it serves the Fargo-Moorhead metropolitan area."
Principessa (English title: Princess) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Valentín Pimstein for Televisa in 1984.
The Executioner of Venice (Italian: Il boia di Venezia), also known as Blood of the Executioner, is a 1963 Italian swashbuckler film co-written and directed by Luigi Capuano and starring Lex Barker and Guy Madison.
"Lloyd Lovindeer (born c.1948), He was 65 in September 2013 - Jackson often credited simply as Lovindeer, is a Jamaican dancehall deejay, best known for his song "" Wild Gilbert "" ."
The Keneder yiddishe vochenblatt (), known as the Vochenblatt, was a Yiddish-language communist newspaper in Canada, published from Toronto from 1926 to 1979.
Breda Castle is a castle in the city of Breda, in the Netherlands.
Killing Mad Dogs () is a 2001 Iranian drama film directed by Bahram Bayzai.
Otto Kurz FBA (26 May 1908 in Vienna – 3 September 1975 in London) was a historian and Slade Professor of Fine Art, University of Oxford.
"Zhao Ziyue (Chinese: 趙子曰, ""Confucius-saith Zhao"") is a 1927 Chinese-language novel by Lao She."
Mary Sharp College (1851–1896), first known as the Tennessee and Alabama Female Institute, was a women's college, located in Winchester, Tennessee.
Divorce Corp is a 2014 book and American documentary film produced and directed by Joseph Sorge and written by Joseph Sorge, James D. Scurlock, Philip Sternberg and Blake Harjes.
John Castriot II (Italian: Ioanne Castrioto, Giovanni Castrioto; Albanian: Gjon Kastrioti II 1456–1502), was the son of Skanderbeg, the Albanian national hero, and of Donika Kastrioti, daughter of Gjergj Arianiti.
Sworoń [ˈsfɔrɔɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
His wife, Rubissa Sarah Levy, died shortly after Zion Levy's Death.
The Best of Johnny Mathis 1975–1980 is a compilation album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in the fall of 1980 by Columbia Records.
Roncalli High School is a private, Catholic high school located in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, USA.
""" The Game (You'll Never Walk Alone) "" is a single by the industrial hip-hop group Tackhead, released in 1987 on 4th & B'way Records."
Amatorski is a Belgian post-rock band consisting of Inne Eysermans, Sebastiaan Van den Branden and Christophe Claeys.
Ghatakanur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Philippe Joly (Chinese: 狼森; pinyin: Lángsēn) (born 2 January 1976) is a French actor and screenwriter, born in Moscow, Russia.
God Mazinger (ゴッドマジンガー, Goddo Majingā), also known as Majin Densetsu (魔神伝説) is an anime, manga and novel series created by manga artist Go Nagai.
Villares del Saz is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality had a population of 639 inhabitants.
Dear Parents () is a 1973 Italian drama film directed by Enrico Maria Salerno.
Tigris Air was a charter airline based in Baghdad, Iraq that operated from 2005 to 2009.
Han Seol (born July 15, 1983) is a South Korean football player who since November 2008 has played for Busan I'Park.
Stephen Chazen (born 1946) is an American businessman. He is the former president and chief executive officer (CEO) of Occidental Petroleum (NYSE: OXY).
Hartwerd () is a small village, near Bolsward, in the municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân in the Province of Friesland in the Netherlands.
Sahibzada Faiz Ul Hassan (; born 1 January 1952) is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2013 to May 2018.
Walter Junio da Silva Clementino or simply Walter Minhoca (born January 12, 1982 in Betim), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who currently plays for Clube de Regatas Brasil.
Daisy Pulls It Off is a comedy play by Denise Deegan, based on Winifred Norling's 1939 novel The Testing of Tansy.
Ashley Lemince (born April 8, 1987) is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for AS Port-Louis 2000 in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team as a midfielder.
Barnwell was the 349th bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. Middleton S. Barnwell was born September 9, 1882 in Louisville, Kentucky.
Chris Baryomunsi (born 9 December 1969) is a Ugandan physician, public health specialist, demographer, and politician.
Robert Steeples (born November 27, 1989) is a former American football cornerback who is currently the head football coach of De Smet Jesuit High School.
Waldo's Last Stand is a 1940 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn.
13 Moons is a 2002 comedy-drama film directed by Alexandre Rockwell.
Marinko Pavićević (Cyrillic: Маринко Павићевић), is a Montenegrin singer, songwriter, guitarist and poet, whose musical style incorporates elements of chanson, pop rock, psychedelic and recital.
Emmalyn Estrada (born April 5, 1992), known professionally as Emmalyn, is a Canadian singer, songwriter, actress and dancer from Filipino descent.
Pcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Marharyta Makhneva (née Tsishkevich, ; Łacinka: Marharyta Ryhoraŭna Machnieva (Ciškievič); born 13 February 1992) is a Belarusian sprint canoeist.
St. Pius V High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in the Bronx, New York.
Salik Lucknawi (16 December 1913 – 4 January 2013) was the nom de plume of Shaukat Riaz Kapoor, an Indian Urdu poet and journalist.
In the Light of What We Know is the debut novel of Zia Haider Rahman.
George A. Burk is a retired captain in the United States Air Force, writer, and motivational speaker.
Lala Hsu (traditional Chinese: 徐佳瑩; simplified Chinese: 徐佳莹; pinyin: Xú Jiāyíng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chhî Ka-êng; born 20 December 1984) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter.
The Great Sioux Uprising is a 1953 American Western film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Jeff Chandler, Faith Domergue and Lyle Bettger.
De forældreløse (English: The orphans) was a 1917 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Peter Lykke-Seest, starring Esben Lykke-Seest and Lullu Hansteen.
Miroslav Šutej (29 April 1936 – 13 May 2005) was a Croatian avant-garde painter and graphic artist.
Jail Yatra is a 1981 Indian Bollywood film directed by Bhappi Sonie.
Werner Güra (born 1964) is a German classical tenor in opera, concert and Lied, also an academic teacher in Zurich.
""" West Coast Poplock "" is one of the most popular singles by Ronnie Hudson And The Street People and was released in 1982."
Lajwanti is an Indian television drama show, which premiered on 28 September 2015 on Zee TV. The story is loosely based on Rajinder Singh Bedi's 1956 book titled Lajwanti, Land of five rivers and is set during Partition of India.
Gornja Obrijež is a village in Croatia.
Boglárka Szabó is a Hungarian football midfielder currently playing in the Hungarian 1st Division for Astra Hungary FC.
Marco Hartmann (born 25 February 1988) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Dynamo Dresden. Hartmann came through Hallescher FC's youth system, and was promoted to the first team in 2007.
Paige Jansen-Nichols is an American Jewelry designer of the brand Saint Vintage.
The Korean Wedding Chest is a 2009 documentary film about Korean wedding traditions directed by Ulrike Ottinger.
City of Beautiful Nonsense is a 1935 British drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Emlyn Williams, Sophie Stewart and Eve Lister.
Zbrojów [ˈzbrɔjuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Flying Saucer Daffy is a 1958 short subject directed by Jules White starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Joe Besser).
Darwen was a county constituency in Lancashire, centred on the town of Darwen.
"The .500 Wyoming Express or .500 WE is a ""big bore"" handgun cartridge."
The Great Double is a bronze sculpture by the Argentine artist Alicia Penalba (1913-1982).
Gunjetina is a village in the municipality of Vlasotince, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 97 people.
Boetsap is a private owned village between towns Prieska, Warrenton, Douglas and Reivilo. Its situated in the Northern Cape, South Africa The area today known as Boetsap belonged to the Griqua King, Barend Barendse.
The Making of the Mahatma is a 1996 joint Indian - South African produced film, directed by Shyam Benegal, about the early life of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (also known as Mahatma Gandhi, Great Soul) during his 21 years in South Africa.
The Running Fight (1915) is a silent film drama, directed by James Durkin and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
Graveyard is a Swedish hard rock band from Gothenburg, formed in 2006. Joakim Nilsson, Rikard Edlund (both formerly of Norrsken), Axel Sjöberg, and Truls Mörck formed Graveyard in 2006.
Katha Sangama (transl. Confluence of tales) is a 1976 Indian anthology film in Kannada, directed by Puttanna Kanagal, based on three short stories; Hangu by Giraddi Govindaraj, Athithi by Veena and Munithaayi by Eshwara Chandra.
Voy a hablar de la esperanza is a 1966 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Alfredo Alcón, Inda Ledesma and Raúl Rossi.
Radio BAR is a public radio station in Sunyani, the capital town of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.
Soul Sisters is an album by American jazz organist Gloria Coleman featuring Pola Roberts recorded in 1963 for the Impulse!.
Jean Baptiste Emeneya Mubiala Kwamambu (November 23, 1956 – February 13, 2014) was a Congolese singer best known as King Kester Emeneya. He was born in Kikwit within the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Davao Light and Power Company, Inc. is a Davao-based Filipino electricity company and the third largest privately owned electric utility in the Philippines and is owned by Aboitiz Power Corporation (AboitizPower).
KZBI (94.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Elko, Nevada.
She was born Annabella, the only daughter of the late anti-colonial journalist and later politician, Chief Anthony Enahoro and his wife, Helen (née Ediae). She is of Esan & Bini descent, originating from Edo State, Nigeria.
Central Arkansas Christian Schools (CAC) is a group of three private schools based in North Little Rock, Arkansas, USA.
Vampire Zero is a 2008 vampire novel written by David Wellington.
Angelo Pascal (Turin, August, 1858 & ndash; July 18, 1888) was an Italian painter.
Etazadi (, also Romanized as Eʿtaẕādī) is a village in Garmsir Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.
Big Girls Don't Cry is an album by American music duo The Weather Girls, released in 1985.
The Gypsy (French: Le Gitan, Italian: Lo zingaro) is a 1975 French-Italian crime-drama film written and directed by José Giovanni.
Jerry Koch (born c. 1934) is a retired American basketball player.
Derwentside College is a further education college based in Consett, County Durham, England.
Tomasz Podgórski (born 30 December 1985) is a Polish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Ruch Chorzów.
Gordon V. Smith (August 6, 1906 & ndash; August 27, 1997) was a bishop in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The Goorkha Craters () are a line of snow-free coastal hills long, standing east of Cooper Nunatak between Carlyon Glacier and Darwin Glacier in Antarctica.
""" Loves Me Like a Rock "" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Paul Simon. It was the second single from his third studio album, There Goes Rhymin' Simon (1973), released on Columbia Records."
Claude Barzotti (born 23 July 1953 as Francesco Barzotti, Italian pronunciation: [frantʃesko barˈdzɔtti]) is a Belgian singer of Italian origin of the 1980s.
Turaif (Arabic: طريف‎) is a town in Northern Borders Province (also known as Al-Hudud ash Shamaliyah), Saudi Arabia, close to the border with Jordan.
Stephen Leeb (born July 14, 1946 in Chicago) is an American economist and author.
The Battle at Elderbush Gulch (also known as The Battle of Elderbush Gulch) is a 1913 American silent Western film directed by D.
Christy Williams (born 14 August 1980), is an international women's motorcycle trials rider. Williams is a four time Canadian Women's Trials Champion and ten time American NATC Women's Trials Champion.
Oh, Play That Thing (2004) is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle.
Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain is the second studio album by American indie rock band Pavement.
Kim Chol-jin (Korean: 김철진; born October 31, 1978) is a North Korean weightlifter and Merited Athlete.
Irmo High School is a public high school in Columbia, South Carolina, United States, the state capital.
Cork Mid was a parliamentary constituency represented in Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Irish parliament or Oireachtas from 1961 to 1981.
Portrait of the Fighter as a Young Man () is a 2010 Romanian drama film directed by Constantin Popescu Jr. It was released at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
"William Beal "" Bill "" Pritchett (31 January 1921 – 28 January 2014) was a senior Australian public servant. Bill Pritchett was born on 31 January 1921."
"A Rum Swizzle is a rum-based cocktail often called "" Bermuda's national drink "" ."
Chamseddine Dhaouadi is a Tunisian football player. Currently a member of Espérance Tunis in the CLP-1.
Peter Percival (24 July 1803 – 11 July 1882) was a British born missionary and educator who opened religious schools in Sri Lanka and South India during the British colonial era.
Tightrope Walker (sometimes Tight Rope Walker) is an outdoor bronze sculpture by Dutch artist Kees Verkade, installed on Columbia University's Revson Plaza in Upper Manhattan, New York City, in 1979.
Leuggern is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Sar Garu (, also Romanized as Sar Garū) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Oluwakemi Nina Sosanya (born 6 June 1969) is an English stage, television, and film actress, most notable for her roles in W1A and Last Tango in Halifax.
Violin Memory's initial public offering in September 2013, raised $162 million at a price of $9 a share.
Darci Brahma (Danehill-Grand Echezeaux) is a New Zealand thoroughbred colt foaled in 2002 at Pencarrow Stud near Cambridge in New Zealand.
Jerzy Klempel (23 April 1953 in Międzylesie (Świebodzin County) – 28 May 2004 in Wrocław) is a former Polish handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Synkronized is the fourth studio album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai.
""" Deeper Understanding "" is a song by Kate Bush released as the lead single from the 2011 album Director's Cut."
David Nekrutman (; born 28 November 1973) is an American-Israeli Orthodox Jewish theologian, writer, director, columnist, public speaker, and pro-Israel activist.
Back to Front is the second studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Gilbert O'Sullivan, released in October 1972 by MAM Records.
Teodor Atanasov (Bulgarian: Теодор Атанасов) (born 25 September 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Dimitrovgrad as a striker.
Rodeillo () is a village located 25 kilometers from Pichilemu, in central Chile.
Engal Aasan (transl. Our Mentor) is a 2009 Tamil action comedy-drama film directed by R. K. Kalaimani.
The London Clay Formation is a marine geological formation of Ypresian (early Eocene Epoch, c. 56–49 Ma) age which crops out in the southeast of England.
Sarah Kiguli, MBChB, MMed (Pediatrics), MHPE, is a Ugandan pediatrician, academic, and medical researcher.
Camera Obscura is the sixth and final solo studio album by German singer Nico, featuring the backing band the Faction.
Sabato italiano (Italian Saturday) is a 1992 Italian drama film directed by Luciano Manuzzi.
The Texas Early Music Project is a performing arts ensemble based in Austin, Texas, that focuses on bringing audiences a closer knowledge and appreciation of Baroque music, Medieval music, Renaissance music, and early Classical-period music.
Pondicherry Engineering College (PEC) is an engineering institution located in South India on East Coast Road in Pondicherry, Puducherry on the border of Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry.
Jodie Speers (born 22 October 1982) is an Australian journalist, news and television presenter.
COTAIR - an acronym for Côte Atlantique Inter Régional - is an airline based in Cotonou, Benin.
"""Sow into You"" is an electronica song written and produced by Róisín Murphy and Matthew Herbert for Murphy's debut solo album, Ruby Blue, released in 2005."
Valley View High School is a public high school located in the city of Valley View, Texas in Cooke County, United States and classified as a 2A school by the UIL.
"""All I Have to Give"" is a song by American boy band Backstreet Boys, produced and written by Full Force, and released as the third and final single from their second album Backstreet's Back and the sixth and final single from their US debut album."
Stoke Climsland is a village in the valley of the River Tamar, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom within the civil parish of Stokeclimsland.
Andrei Svislotskiy (Russian: Андрей Свислоцкий) is a 1991 animated short film by Russian animator Igor Kovalyov.
Dobříň () is a village and municipality (obec) in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
Tsurugi Watanabe (渡邉 剣, Watanabe Tsurugi, born July 16, 1996, in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan) is a retired Japanese actor and entertainer who was represented by Hori Agency.
Annie Girardot (25 October 1931 – 28 February 2011) was a three-time César Award winning French actress.
My Soul is the third studio album by American soul singer-songwriter Leela James.
Michael is a 2011 Austrian drama film directed by Markus Schleinzer which resembles the famous Natascha Kampusch case from the offender's viewpoint.
William Richert (born 1942) is an American film director, film producer, screenwriter and actor.
Kürşat Duymuş, (born 1 February 1979 in Muş, Turkey) is a retired Turkish football defender. Duymuş previously played for Şekerspor, Çaykur Rizespor, Ankaraspor, Beşiktaş, Trabzonspor, Kayseri Erciyesspor and Orduspor.
The County of Delatite is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia, used for land titles.
Magna-Fi was an American rock band, which consisted of lead vocalist Mike Szuter, guitarist Christian Brady, bass guitarist Rob Kley and drummer Charlie Smaldino.
Waves II is the second compilation album released in 2003 on the Crydamoure label.
KRTZ (98.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Cortez, Colorado, United States, the station serves the Four Corners area.
XL Airways Germany GmbH was a German charter airline headquartered in Mörfelden-Walldorf, Hesse, operating charter and ad-hoc lease services, mostly out of Frankfurt Airport.
Soho Cinders is a musical with music by George Stiles, lyrics and a book by Anthony Drewe with Elliot Davis as co-author.
Grendel is a 2007 American action-fantasy television film directed by Nick Lyon and very loosely based on the Anglo-Saxon epic poem Beowulf.
Alvin Wright (February 5, 1961 – March 23, 2018) was a professional American football defensive lineman. Wright, a nose tackle, played with the National Football League's Los Angeles Rams from 1986 to 1991 and was All-Pro in 1990.
Kabaddi (Nepali: कबड्डी) is a 2014 Nepali romantic drama film written and directed by Ram Babu Gurung.
You Are Umasou (Japanese: おまえうまそうだな, Hepburn: Omae Umasō da na) is a Japanese picture book series by Tatsuya Miyanishi, published by Poplar. The series has spawned animated film and anime adaptations.
Pakasua is a village in the island of Banggai in Banggai district, Banggai Laut, Central Sulawesi province.
Manteca is an album by jazz pianist Red Garland, released in 1958 on Prestige Records.
Azadeh Ensha (Persian: آزاده انشاﻋ‎, born in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-American journalist who works for The New York Times.
The Sun Also Rises () is a 2007 film directed, produced and co-written by Chinese director Jiang Wen starring Joan Chen, Anthony Wong, Jaycee Chan, and Jiang Wen himself.
"In each episode, Olly Mann is joined by sex educator and journalist Alix Fox for a weekly trip into Alix's ""Foxhole"", and tech writer and T.V presenter Ollie Peart for ""The Zeitgeist""."
Kopeć [ˈkɔpɛt͡ɕ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Marílson Gomes dos Santos (born 6 August 1977) is a Brazilian long-distance runner.
The Darlings of Chelsea are a Canadian punk rock band formed in 2008 in Toronto.
Elitte Institute of Engineering and Management is a coeducational, private diploma Engineering college located in sub-urban of Kolkata, West Bengal, West Bengal (India), India.
Evening Land (Danish: Aftenlandet) is a 1977 Danish drama film directed by English filmmaker Peter Watkins.
Guitar Vader (ギターベイダー) was a Japanese underground indie rock band.
Charles McCarthy (June 29, 1873 – March 26, 1921) was a political scientist, public administrator, Progressive reformer, and briefly, an American football coach.
Emmerdale (known as Emmerdale Farm until 1989) is a British soap opera set in Emmerdale (known as Beckindale until 1994), a fictional village in the Yorkshire Dales.
Mikri Mantineia () is a seaside village in the municipality of Kalamata, Messenia, Greece.
The Omega Man (stylized as The Ωmega Man) is a 1971 American post-apocalyptic action film directed by Boris Sagal and starring Charlton Heston as a survivor of a global pandemic.
Brahim Taleb in 2007 Brahim Taleb (born 16 February 1985) is a Moroccan long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase. He was born in Rabat.
The Danger Girl The Danger Girl is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Bobby Vernon and Gloria Swanson.
New Amerykah Part One (4th World War) is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer and songwriter Erykah Badu.
Diana López (born January 7, 1984) is an American Olympic Taekwondo competitor from Sugar Land, Texas.
Black Widow is a 2007 television film directed by Armand Mastroianni and starring Elizabeth Berkley, Alicia Coppola and Adriana DeMeo.
"WWFE is also a former acronym for WWE. WWFE (670 AM), known as ""La Poderosa"", is a commercial radio station in Miami, Florida, broadcasting to the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area."
Iceman is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese 3D martial arts action-comedy film directed by Law Wing-cheung and starring Donnie Yen, who also serves as the film's action director.
Orpiszew [ɔrˈpiʂɛf] (German: Orpischewo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Swords Against Darkness V is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Andrew J. Offutt.
Perng Fai-nan (; born 2 January 1939) is a Taiwanese economist. He served as the Governor of the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan) from 25 February 1998 to 26 February 2018, the longest serving governor in the bank's history.
Toilers of the Sea (French: Les Travailleurs de la mer) is a novel by Victor Hugo published in 1866.
Sylvia Ashton (January 26, 1880 – November 17, 1940) was an American film actress of the silent film era. Ashton was born in Denver, Colorado.
The Day of Victory in the Great Fatherland Liberation War (Victory Day) is a national holiday in North Korea celebrated on July 27 to mark the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement which brought a cease fire to the Korean War that took place between 1950 & ndash;1953.
Shellharbour Hospital is a major district hospital located in the Shellharbour area of New South Wales.
By Request is the first greatest hits album by Irish boy band Boyzone.
Amadeus William Grabau (January 9, 1870—March 20, 1946), the father of Chinese geology, was an expatriate American geologist.
Masumi Miyazaki (宮崎 萬純, 宮崎ますみ, Miyazaki Masumi) (born January 26, 1968 in Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan), is an actress and model.
The Bob Seger Collection was a compilation album released in 1979, in Australia and New Zealand only.
"KAOC (105.1 FM, "" Maverick 105 "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Cavalier, North Dakota, it serves Langdon, North Dakota, Morden, Manitoba, and Winkler, Manitoba."
Mystery Mine is a steel roller coaster located at Dollywood amusement park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.
Balwearie High School is a non-denominational comprehensive secondary school at the west end of Kirkcaldy in Scotland.
The War of Don Emmanuel's Nether Parts is a novel by Louis de Bernières, first published in 1990.
Abraham Lincoln – also known as The Gettysburg Lincoln – is a bronze statue of President Abraham Lincoln by Daniel Chester French, located on the grounds of the Nebraska State Capitol.
Middle Brother is an American rock band consisting of songwriters and musicians John J. McCauley III of Deer Tick, Taylor Goldsmith of Dawes, and Matt Vasquez of Delta Spirit.
Can't Slow Down is the ninth studio album by the British-American rock band Foreigner and their most recent album to date.
Louie Austen (born Alois Luef on 19 September 1946) is an Austrian classically trained bar and jazz crooner who has been active in the electronic music scene.
Theodore Bruce Bawer (born October 31, 1956) is an American writer who has been a resident of Norway since 1999.
Bunnyranch is a Portuguese rock'n'roll band originally from Coimbra formed by Kaló, Filipe Costa, Pedro Calhau and André Ferrão.
Erind is a village in the Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.
Yangtze Normal University Yangtze Normal University () is a full-time, comprehensive university under the administration of the Chongqing Municipal Government of the People's Republic of China.
Black Bone is an album by American jazz trombonist and composer Craig Harris recorded in 1983 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
George DeTitta Sr. (born November 26, 1930) is an American set decorator.
Hyacienth Diva Mantalaba, better known as Diva Montelaba (born January 14, 1991 in Cebu City, Philippines), is a Filipina actress.
Kang Yi-seok (born November 11, 1998) is a South Korean actor.
Live & Inspired is the first live album to be released by the heavy metal band Godsmack.
Luc Thuillier (born October 24, 1964 in Villemomble, France) is a French film and television actor.
Hill Grange High School is a private school for boys and girls located on Pedder Road, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
Hiroshi Ishii (3 June 1941 – 27 December 2006) was a Japanese professional golfer.
Arlene Blencowe (born 11 April 1983) is a mixed martial artist and boxer. Blencowe began her boxing career in 2012 in her native Australia.
Dawn Anna is a 2005 American dramatic television film written by Robert Munic, Arliss Howard, and James Howard, and directed by Arliss Howard.
""" Crosscut Saw "" , or "" Cross Cut Saw Blues "" as it was first called, is a dirty blues song "" that must have belonged to the general repertoire of the Delta blues "" ."
The Fourth Horseman is a 1932 American Western film directed by Hamilton MacFadden and written by Jack Cunningham.
26 Mixes for Cash is a compilation album of remixes produced by Richard D. James (under his recording alias Aphex Twin), mainly for other artists between 1990 and 2003.
The Turkish Volleyball Federation (TVF) (in Turkish: Türkiye Voleybol Federasyonu) is the governing body of volleyball and beach volleyball in Turkey.
Alper Sezener (born 1977) is a Turkish author of novels and short stories. Alper Sezener was born in Istanbul and graduated with a degree in philosophy (1999) and anthropology (2004) from Hacettepe University.
Yang Ling (, born May 24, 1968 in Beijing) is a male Chinese sports shooter.
Hans Reich (born 10 July 1942) is a retired German football player. He spent seven seasons in the Bundesliga with TSV 1860 München and Kickers Offenbach.
George Bruce (born 1942) was the Bishop of Ontario from 2002 until 2011. Born in 1942 in Ely, Cambridgeshire, England his family emigrated to the United States in 1953.
Rui Falcão (; born in Pitangui, on 26 November 1943) is a Brazil ian politician and the former president of the Workers' Party (Partido dos Trabalhadores).
Seyyed Hoseyn Kalah Fatah Ali (, also Romanized as Seyyed Hoseyn Kalāh Fataḥ ʿAlī) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Hingurakgoda Airport (Sinhala: හිඟුරක්ගොඩ ගුවන්තොටුපළ Hingurakgoda Guwanthotupala, IATA: HIM, ICAO: VCCH), also known as Minneriya Airport, is a domestic airport in Hingurakgoda, Sri Lanka.
Bel Ami is a 1939 German film directed by Willi Forst.
Lozica is a village in Croatia.
The Deserter (Italian: La Spina Dorsale Del Diavolo) is a 1970 Italian-American Western film by Dino De Laurentiis. It was directed by Burt Kennedy.
Klaus Rohde (born 1932 in Brandenburg an der Havel, Germany) is a German biologist at the University of New England (UNE), Australia, known particularly for his work on marine parasitology, evolutionary ecology/zoogeography, and phylogeny/ultrastructure of lower invertebrates.
Speed Limited is a 1935 American crime film directed by Albert Herman and starring Evelyn Brent.
East Oregon Cattle Company Airport is a private Airport located 3 miles northwest of Eagle Point in Jackson County, Oregon, USA.
Alfred Kidd (1851 – 24 August 1917) was a New Zealand politician of the Liberal Party. Born at Hounslow, Middlesex, England, Alfred Kidd had arrived in New Zealand in 1865 on the ship Ballarat, at fourteen years old, and worked in Mangere on farms for three years.
Guangdong Experimental High School () is a Public High School in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China.
Shawkat Ali MP (; born 27 January 1937 ) is a Bangladeshi politician and former deputy speaker of the National Parliament.
The Mechanic is a 1972 American action thriller film which was directed by Michael Winner, produced by Irwin Winkler and Robert Chartoff, and written by Lewis John Carlino.
Kanina (Mělník District) is a village and municipality in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. Coordinates: 50°25′N 14°36′E﻿ / ﻿50.417°N 14.600°E﻿ / 50.417; 14.600.
Call To Arms is the nineteenth studio album by British heavy metal band Saxon. Call to Arms was released 3 June in Europe; 6 June in Denmark, Finland, and the UK; 8 June in Greece and Poland; 10 June in France.
Natsuko Aso (麻生 夏子, Asō Natsuko) (born August 6, 1990 in Tokyo) is a Japanese actress and singer.
Novo Aeon (Portuguese: New Aeon) is the third solo studio album by the Brazilian musician Raul Seixas.
Born to merchant father Dimitrije and housewife mother Sofija, young Blagoje grew up on the outskirts of Belgrade in 7 Đakovačka Street. Blagoje Marjanović was one of the best football forward in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Paola Volpato Martín (b. August 5 of 1969, in Santiago de Chile) is a Chilean actress. She is married to Chilean actor Felipe Castro with whom she has two children, Simón and Manuel.
Jonathan was born in Ohsweken, Ontario, but grew up in Hagersville, Ontario. Stan Jonathan was drafted in the fifth round (86th overall) of the 1975 NHL entry draft by the Bruins.
The University of Kinshasa (French: Université de Kinshasa), commonly known as UNIKIN, is one of the three major universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, together with the University of Kisangani and University of Lubumbashi.
Allergic to Love is a 1944 American musical comedy film directed by Edward C. Lilley.
Juliette Bergmann (previously Meijer) (born November 30, 1958) is a Dutch female bodybuilding champion. Bergmann (born Juliette Maria Suzanna Bergmann) was born in Vlaardingen, Netherlands, from a Dutch mother and an Indonesian father.
Colossus of the Arena (, also known as Death on the Arena) is a 1962 Italian peplum film directed by Michele Lupo and starred by Mark Forest.
Laksamana Sukardi (born October 1, 1956) is an Indonesian politician, reformist and banker who served as Minister of State Owned Enterprises (BUMN) under the presidencies of Abdurrahman Wahid and Megawati Sukarnoputri.
Wang Gang (; born 17 February 1989 in Tianjin) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan.
Henry Jordan (19 November 1818 – 30 June 1890) was a dentist and member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, Secretary for Public Lands 1887 to 1888.
Angela D'Audney, Jewish Online Museum She became a naturalised New Zealand citizen in 1956, and married Haddo D'Audney in 1965; they were later divorced.
Tvrdaci (Serbian Cyrillic: Тврдаци) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Eric Donaldson (born 11 June 1947 in St. Catherine, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae singer-songwriter.
Adnan Likić (born 9 August 1986) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian football player currently playing as a defender for NK Karlovac in the Croatia Prva HNL.
The Tyrant Father) is a 1941 Portuguese film comedy directed by António Lopes Ribeiro, starring Vasco Santana, Ribeirinho (Francisco Ribeiro), Leonor Maia, Teresa Gomes and Laura Alves.
Gold and Ivory (Spanish:Oro y marfil) is a 1947 Spanish film directed by Gonzalo Delgrás.
Rock Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
"WJHT (92.1 FM, ""Hot 92"") is a radio station licensed to serve Johnstown, Pennsylvania."
"""The Inspector's Teeth"" is a science fiction short story by American writer L."
Double Whammy is a 1987 novel by Carl Hiaasen.
Panciatichi Assumption (Italian: Assunta Panciatichi) is a painting by Italian Renaissance artist Andrea del Sarto, painted c. 1522-1523.
Lund University (Swedish: Lunds universitet) is a prestigious university in Sweden and one of northern Europe’s oldest universities.
The 2011 Brickyard 400 presented by BigMachineRecords.com, the 18th running of the event, was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on July 31, 2011 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Indianapolis, Indiana.
The Kapp Starostin Formation is a geologic formation in Norway.
Eigil Helland-Hansen (5 November 1910 & ndash; 26 April 1997) was a Norwegian travel agent. He was born in Årstad, Bergen to oceanographer Bjørn Helland-Hansen and Anna Marie Krag, and was the father of ceramist Grete Nash.
Łazówek [waˈzuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
James Aloysius O'Gorman, Sr. (May 5, 1860 – May 17, 1943) was a one-term United States Senator from New York. O'Gorman was born in Manhattan, New York City on May 5, 1860.
"Moose' were a British indie rock band who formed in London in 1990. ""Moose"" McKillop (guitar), Damien Warburton (drums), and Jeremy Tishler (bass)."
Bug is a 2006 psychological horror film directed by William Friedkin, and starring Ashley Judd, Michael Shannon, Lynn Collins, Brían F. O'Byrne, and Harry Connick Jr.
Treat Me Right is the first album released by Florida bluesman Eric Sardinas.
Gambling Wives is a lost 1924 American silent melodrama. Directed by Dell Henderson and produced by actor-producer Ben F. Wilson, it was released through Arrow Films.
In Newsweekly, known as IN Newsweekly or in newsweekly during some of its publication, was a LGBT newspaper based in Boston, Massachusetts.
Hugh de Vere, 4th Earl of Oxford (c. 1207 & ndash; December 1263) was the only son and heir of Robert de Vere, 3rd Earl of Oxford and Isabel de Bolebec, daughter and eventual sole heiress of Hugh de Bolebec.
Perhaps is the third studio album by Scottish post-punk and new wave band the Associates, released on 9 February 1985 by WEA.
Zaal Samadashvili (Georgian: ზაალ სამადაშვილი) (born 3 October 1953) is a Georgian writer. Zaal Samadashvili graduated from Tbilisi State University, where he studied mathematics.
Thierry Roussel (born February 16, 1953) was the fourth husband of Christina Onassis, and the only man with whom she had a child, daughter Athina Onassis Roussel.
Synchronicity is a 2015 American science fiction film written, directed, and edited by Jacob Gentry.
The 2000 World Karate Championships are the 15th edition of the World Karate Championships, and were held in Munich, Germany from October 12 to October 15, 2000.
Poddębie [pɔdˈdɛmbjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliszew, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Lei Jun (born 16 December 1969) is a Chinese billionaire entrepreneur and philanthropist who co-founded Xiaomi Inc, one of the largest mobile phone makers in the world, in June 2018 Xiaomi raises US$4.72 billion after listed at the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing.
Rolando Chaparro (born August 2, 1965 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan musician.
Full Circle is the fourth and final studio album by American post-grunge band Creed, released on October 27, 2009.
Mega TV is an American free-to-air television network based in San Juan, Puerto Rico, owned by Spanish Broadcasting System (SBS).
Polasara is a town and a notified area council in Ganjam district in the Indian state of Odisha.
René Racine (born 1939) is a French Canadian professor and astronomer who specializes in the study of globular clusters.
Lóránd Szatmári (born 3 October 1988 in Petroşani) is a Romanian-born Hungarian football player who currently plays for Győri ETO FC.
Helen Brockman (née Lewis; September 24, 1902 – July 22, 2008) was an American fashion designer, author and professor.
"Antonio Berardi (born 1968) "" Antonio Berardi "" Lincolnshire Echo 19 March 2009; retrieved 30 April 2011 is a British fashion designer of Sicilian descent, known especially for his dresses."
The Ultimate Gift is a Christmas album by American R&B/soul singer Rahsaan Patterson, his fifth studio album released under Artistry Music in 2008.
Jur Vrieling (born 31 July 1969) is a Dutch show jumping rider.
Pfyn is a municipality in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Diabolical Conquest is the third studio album by the American death metal band Incantation.
In a New York Minute is a 1999 studio album by Ian Shaw.
KIHH (1400 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Catholic format. Licensed to Eureka, California, the station serves the Humboldt Bay area.
Tomas Nydahl (born 21 March 1968) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.
"Lord Flea was the stage name of Norman Byfield Thomas (1931/32 or 1933/34 – 18 May 1959), a Jamaican mento musician credited with ""helping start the calypso craze in U."
Ukai is a census town in Tapi district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
Street Dreams is a 2009 American film directed by Chris Zamoscianyk, produced by Rob Dyrdek, Jason Bergh and Sal Masekela and written by Elisa Delson, Rob Dyrdek, and Nino Scalia.
Expressions is an album by Chick Corea, released in 1994 through the record label GRP. The album peaked at number ten on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.
Bjørke is a village in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
WVEK-FM is a classic hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Weber City, Virginia, serving the Tri-Cities area.
Emil Fuchs, MVO, (9 August 1866 – 13 January 1929) was an Austrian and American sculptor, medallist, painter, and author who worked in Vienna, London and New York.
MT-USA (Music Television - USA) was an Irish music television programme broadcast between 1984 and 1987.
John Hawkes (born John Marvin Perkins; September 11, 1959) is an American actor.
Pilichikuzhi is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census, Pilichikuzhi had a total population of 2067 with 1044 males and 1023 females.
Orizont is a 2015 Romanian drama film written and directed by Marian Crișan from a story by Ioan Slavici.
Kalikaalam (Malayalam: കലികാലം) is a 2012 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Reji Nair.
"""Hey Porsche"" is a song by American rapper Nelly, released as the lead single from his seventh studio album M.O."
Richard Lionel Spittel, (commonly known as Dr. R. L. Spittel) (9 December 1881 – 3 September 1969) was a Ceylonese Burgher physician and author.
Brynteg School (Welsh: Ysgol Brynteg) is one of the largest secondary schools in Wales. It is located on Ewenny Road in the town of Bridgend, Wales.
Budisava (Serbian Cyrillic: Будисава) is a suburban settlement of the city of Novi Sad, Serbia.
Jason Stuart (born Stuart Ted Greif; January 13, 1969) is an American actor and comedian. Born in The Bronx, New York, Stuart was raised in Los Angeles, California.
Devil's Island is a 1926 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Chadwick Pictures and directed by Frank O'Connor.
The Jones Ridge Limestone is a geologic formation in Alaska.
Kaamam Krodham Moham (Lust, Anger, Greed) is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Madhu.
Dziegciarnia () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
It Happened to One Man is a 1940 British drama film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Wilfrid Lawson, Nora Swinburne and Marta Labarr.
Plantagenet Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, located within the South West Division.
The 2017 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games (), which is also counted as the 5th Asian Indoor Games, was held in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan in 2017.
Javier Loya (born January 24, 1986 in Phoenix, Arizona) is a Mexican American boxer in the Light Welterweight division.
Shu Kamo (加茂 周, Kamo Shu, born October 29, 1939) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
Dylan Ryan (drummer) (born 1979 in Chicago, Illinois Fukushima, Gary. Tuesday at Blue Whale: Dylan Ryan and Sand lajazzcollective.org.
A sculpture of the Revolutionary War hero Nathan Hale by Bela Pratt stands on the southern side of the building.
Michael Coleman (born 12 May 1946) is a British author of children's and young adult fiction whose book, Weirdo's War, was shortlisted for the 1996 Carnegie Medal.
Pivorai − village in the southeast part of Ignalina district in Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, it had 30 residents.
Hamir Singh II (1762 – 6 January 1778) was the Maharana of Mewar Kingdom, Rajasthan, India (r. 1772–1778). He was a son of Maharana Ari Singh II.
Lillebridge married the Bavarian-Swedish soprano singer Charlotte Lachs, a graduate from the Royal Conservatory of Music of Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria. Frederic Lillebridge made multiple well-received concerts around Europe and America.
Örbyhus Castle (Swedish: Örbyhus slott) is a castle in Tierp Municipality, Sweden.
Karthago Airlines was a privately owned airline based in Tunis, Tunisia, operating scheduled charter flights to Europe.
Kidaari () is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language action-mystery film directed by Prasath Murugesan, starring Sasikumar and Nikhila Vimal.
University of Pattimura () is a public university in Ambon, Maluku, Indonesia. Its current rector is Prof. M.Hum.
Our Favourite Shop is the second studio album by the English group the Style Council.
Abdelfettah Boukhriss (born 22 October 1986) is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a centre-back for IR Tanger. In 2004, he signed for FUS de Rabat.
Siah Gelal (, also Romanized as Sīāh Gelāl) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
European Digital Rights (EDRi) is an international advocacy group headquartered in Brussels, Belgium.
Ted Hearne (born 1982) is an American composer, singer and conductor.
Harsh Vashisht (born 24 July)[better source needed] is an Indian film and television actor.
Fearless Fagan is a 1952 comedy film directed by Stanley Donen and stars Janet Leigh and Carleton Carpenter.
Joint Advertising Marketing Research & Studies (JAMRS) is a program run by the United States Department of Defense to maintain sufficient levels of voluntary service in the United States Armed Forces.
The Last Ringbearer (, Posledniy kol'tsenosets) is a 1999 fantasy book by Russian author Kirill Eskov.
Bruny Surin (born July 12, 1967) is a Canadian track and field athlete, winner of a gold medal in the 4×100 metres relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Clyde Worthen (born May 11, 1944), born in Arizona, United States, is a 6th Degree Black Belt judoka.
Fernando da Silva Jaques or simply Fernando Gaúcho (born January 12, 1980), is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a striker.
Tukuma is a 1984 Danish drama film directed by Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt.
Karl Pearson (born 14 August 1974) is an English cricketer. He was born at Stourbridge, Worcestershire.
Scarlett is a 1991 novel by Alexandra Ripley, written as a sequel to Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel, Gone with the Wind.
Valliettan (English: Elder brother) is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language action drama film directed by Shaji Kailas and scripted by Ranjith.
Studio Zoo is the fourth studio album by British singer-songwriter Newton Faulkner, and the first album he has produced himself.
Perry Stone is an American radio personality, disc jockey and shock jock.
Hiawatha and Minnehaha is a sculpture by Jacob Fjelde that has stood in Minnehaha Park in Minneapolis since the early twentieth century.
Foxtrot is an album by various artists, which was released to raise funds for treating the drug and alcohol addiction of English experimental musician John Balance.
Sunningen is a locality situated in Uddevalla Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 742 inhabitants in 2010.
Drug War (simplified Chinese: 毒战; traditional Chinese: 毒戰) is a 2012 action thriller film directed and produced by Johnnie To.
Annika Becker (born 12 November 1981) is a retired German pole vaulter. Becker was born in Rotenburg an der Fulda.
Vikramaditya Motwane (born 6 December 1976) is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter for films like Dev.D (2009), Udaan (2010) and Lootera (2013).
Pogrzybów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Cachimbo Airport is the military airport serving Campo de Provas Brigadeiro Velloso, a large Testing and Training complex of the Brazilian Armed Forces located in Serra do Cachimbo (), in the southern part of the state of Pará, Brazil.
Victor Wulf is a Canadian keyboard player and composer. He is recognized for his solo ambient music project Dilate and as a founding member of sound collage band Vampire Rodents.
Jagga () is a 1964 Punjabi film, directed by Jugal Kishore, starring Dara Singh, Indira, Khairati, Amarnath, Jugal Kishore, Majnu, and more.
Ali Anouzla (; born in Agadir, Morocco) is a Moroccan journalist, known for his critical articles of King Mohammed VI's rule.
Min Saw Hla (Burmese: မင်းစောလှ, [mɪ́ɴ sɔ́ l̥a̰]; 1532–1564) was king of Arakan from 1556 to 1564. At accession, he made his first wife Saw Bon-Htut the chief queen but also married his father's chief queen Saw Thanda.
Ignorance (French: L'ignorance) is a novel by Milan Kundera.
Rolando Reátegui Flores (born 19 May 1959 in Tarapoto) is a Peruvian entrepreneur and fujimorist politician and a Congressman representing San Martín since 2006.
Bocaddon (Cornish: Boskadwen) is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, UK.
The Waynesboro Area School District is a midsized, suburban public school district located in Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
The Price of Possession is a lost 1921 American silent romantic drama film directed by Hugh Ford and starring Ethel Clayton.
Mario Gariazzo (4 June 1930 & ndash; March 2002) was an Italian screenwriter and film director.
Javin Hunter (born May 9, 1980) is a former American football wide receiver from the University of Notre Dame, Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers.
Oczesały [ɔt͡ʂɛˈsawɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Anton Paar ProveTec, formerly known as Petrotest GmbH, is a German company within the Anton Paar group that is known for its laboratory equipment for the chemical and petrochemical industries.
Adore Life is the second studio album by the English post-punk band Savages, released on 22 & nbsp;January 2016.
The Girl is a 2012 British television film directed by Julian Jarrold, written by Gwyneth Hughes and produced by the BBC and HBO Films.
Tom Rethman is an American football coach and former player.
HushHush is a Philippine teen drama on TV5.
Michael Bruce Sterling (born April 14, 1954) is an American science fiction author known for his novels and work on the Mirrorshades anthology, which helped to define the cyberpunk genre.
Aphrodite[a] is an ancient Greek goddess associated with love, beauty, pleasure, passion and procreation.
Lonar is a town and municipal council in Buldhana district of Vidarbha region of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
"Black Throat is a 1985 interracial pornographic film directed by one-half of the Dark Brothers "" purveyors of fine filth "" team, Gregory Dark."
Háj u Duchcova (German: Haan bei Dux) is a village and municipality (obec) in Teplice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
{{Infobox musical artist | name = Ashbury Heights | image = | caption = Anders Hagström and Tea F. Thimé.
Martin Gustav Nottebohm (12 November 1817, Lüdenscheid, Westphalia – 29 October 1882, Graz) was a pianist, teacher, musical editor and composer who spent most of his career in Vienna.
Raymond Depardon (; born 6 July 1942) is a French photographer, photojournalist and documentary filmmaker.
Bibi Russell (born 1950) is a Bangladeshi fashion designer and former international model.
Brook Antoinette Mahealani Lee (born January 8, 1971, in Pearl City, Hawaii), known as Brook Lee, is an American actress, television host, model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Hawaii USA 1997, Miss USA 1997, and Miss Universe 1997.
Alina Pralea (born (1969-05-24)24 May 1969) was a Romanian female volleyball player.
Carlos Mauricio Ferro Fernández (born July 5, 1984 in Torreón, Coahuila de Zaragoza, Mexico) is a Mexican television actor and music video director of Mexican origin. Carlos Ferro is his stage name and registered with the National Association of Actors of Mexico.
Ole Henrik Magga (born August 12, 1947) is a Sámi linguist, professor, and politician from Kautokeino, Norway.
The Walter Pollux is a Czechoslovakian nine-cylinder, air-cooled, radial engine, built by Walter Aircraft Engines for powering light aircraft and that first ran in 1936.
"Akeem Anifowoshe (11 September 1968 – 1 December 1994), popular as ""Kid"" Akeem, was a Nigerian Super Flyweight professional boxer."
Dogsflesh are an English band, formed in May 1982 by guitarist Rob Moore.
Thiago dos Santos Ferreira (born 14 May 1984), or simply Thiago, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Cianorte cat killer.
Vufflens-la-Ville is a municipality of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland, located in the district of Gros-de-Vaud.
The Rajiv Gandhi National Institute of Youth Development (RGNIYD), Sriperumbudur, Tamil Nadu, is an Institution of National Importance by the Act of Parliament No.
"La Gusana Ciega (Spanish for ""The Blind Worm"") is a Mexican Pop-Rock and Alternative Rock band composed of Daniel Gutiérrez (voice and guitar), Germán Arroyo (drums), and Luis Ernesto Martínez ""Lu"" (bass)."
Hercowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Wooden Staircase (, ) is a feature film of Lithuanian-Canadian screenwriter and film director Vidas Rasinskas.
WHOV on a SPARC HD Radio with RDS. WHOV is a non-commercial FM radio station licensed to Hampton, Virginia, serving Hampton Roads.
Murder at the New York World's Fair is a novel that was published in 1938 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Freeman Dana.
Seijuro Arafune (荒舩清十郎, Arafune Seijūrō, March 9, 1907 - November 25, 1980) was a Japanese politician and a Minister of Transport.
Daisuke Inoue (井上 大佑, Inoue Daisuke, born May 10, 1940) is a Japanese businessman best known as the inventor of the karaoke machine.
The Edge of Tomorrow is a collection of short science fiction stories and science essays by Isaac Asimov, published by Tor Books in July 1985.
Chim Chim's Badass Revenge is the fifth full-length album and concept album from alternative rock band Fishbone.
Atheist Like Me (Chinese: 無神論) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Stanley Huang's (Chinese: 黃立行) 5th Mandarin studio album.
Nay Zin Latt (Burmese: နေဇင်လတ်) is a Burmese politician and businessman.
Vince Stanzione (born 1968/1969) is a British entrepreneur. Stanzione first worked as a hairdresser in his family's business in Luton before becoming a currency trader in the 1980s.
Sanjiv Sidhu (born June 1957, in Hyderabad, India) is a software entrepreneur known for founding i2 Technologies, a supply chain management software company, and o9 Solutions, a Dallas, Texas based company which offers a decision management platform for multinational corporations.
Lost and Won is a 1915 British silent drama film directed by Laurence Trimble and starring Florence Turner, Henry Edwards and Edward Lingard.
Riemenstalden is a municipality in Schwyz District in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.
Navigator is the debut album of Forma Tadre, a German musical project that can best be described as electronic body music but has also been categorized as Industrial or Ambient.
Jozef Banáš (born 27 September 1948) is a prominent Slovak novelist, journalist, diplomat and politician.
Hans-Wilhelm Koepcke (13 June 1914 – 21 November 2000) was a German zoologist, ornithologist, and herpetologist.
Oh Happy Band! is a BBC television sitcom written by David Croft and Jeremy Lloyd.
The Biblioteca Nacional de Portugal (Portuguese for National Library of Portugal) is the Portuguese national library, fulfilling the function of legal deposit and copyright.
Broadcast to the World is the sixth studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead.
West Coast Bad Boyz II is the third West Coast Bad Boyz compilation released by No Limit Records.
Charles Mingus Jr. (April 22, 1922 – January 5, 1979) was an American jazz double bassist, pianist, composer and bandleader.
Volksdorf (German pronunciation (help·info)) is a quarter of Hamburg.
Paruszka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Dzimtmisa Manor () is a manor in Dzimtmisa, Iecava Municipality in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.
Ciro Berardi (1909–1961) was an Italian actor.
Half-Life 2: Episode Two is a 2007 first-person shooter game developed and published by Valve.
"KRKC-FM (102.1 FM, ""KC 102"") is a radio station licensed to King City, California in the Monterey, California radio market."
A Reason to Believe is a 1995 American drama independent film directed by Douglas Tirola.
Shō On was the eldest grandson of the former king, Shō Boku. His father Shō Tetsu (尚哲) died when Shō Boku was still alive, so he became the Heir apparent of the kingdom.
Miki Sings Billie: A Tribute to Billie Holiday is a studio album by American R&B singer Miki Howard.
Long Player Late Bloomer is the 12th studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Ron Sexsmith, released in 2011.
Howard Hewett, Jr. (born October 1, 1955) is a Grammy Award winning American singer–songwriter.
José Bispo Clementino dos Santos (May 12, 1913 – June 14, 2008) was a Brazilian samba singer known as Jamelão (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒameˈlɐ̃w]).
The Stubbornness of Geraldine is a 1915 American silent film directed by Gaston Mervale adapted from a play by Clyde Fitch.
Herlong Recreational Airport , also known as Herlong Airport, is a public airport located eight nautical miles (13 & nbsp;km) southwest of the central business district of Jacksonville, a city in Duval County, Florida, United States.
Sharlene Whyte (born 19 May) is an English actress who is most known for playing Jenny Edwards in The Story of Tracy Beaker and Adanna Lawal in Waterloo Road as the Head of Pastoral Care.
William Spencer (c. 1751 – c. 1816) was an English mathematical instrument maker of the 18th and 19th centuries.
A Sense of Where You Are, by John McPhee, profiles Bill Bradley during Bradley's senior year at Princeton University.
Mubi North is a Local Government Area of Adamawa State, Nigeria.
KBO! is a Serbian punk rock band from Kragujevac.
Breaker Morant is a 1980 Australian war drama film directed by Bruce Beresford, who co-wrote the screenplay based on Kenneth G. Ross's 1978 play of the same name.
Chevrainvilliers is a commune in the department in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Osuwa Daiko (御諏訪太鼓) is a Japanese percussion group credited as the earliest groups to develop and perform the ensemble-style of taiko called kumi-daiko.
Invisible Agent is a long-standing Irish record label, founded in Dublin in 2000. Founded by Warren Daly and Donard McCabe the label has released music from such notable artists as Decal, Chymera, Eomac, Ryan Van Winkle, Corrugated Tunnel, and Ikeaboy.
Fair Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Rishi Chanda (Bengali: ঋষি চন্দ) is an Indian music director and singer.
REDIRECT Glenwood High School (Durban).
Milt Machlin (June 26, 1924 – April 3, 2004) was an American journalist, author and adventurer.
"Leonardo ""Léo"" Jaime (born April 23, 1960) is a Brazilian singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor and writer, famous for being one of the founding members of the rockabilly band João Penca e Seus Miquinhos Amestrados. Léo Jaime was born in Goiânia, Goiás, in 1960."
The Flin Flon Bombers are a junior ice hockey based in Flin Flon, Manitoba, Canada.
WXTB (97.9 FM) – branded 98ROCK – is a commercial active rock radio station licensed to Clearwater, Florida, serving the Tampa Bay Area.
Glavinci is a village in the municipality of Jagodina, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 636 people.
Las Guabas is a corregimiento in Los Santos District, Los Santos Province, Panama with a population of 677 as of 2010.
Muhurtham Pathnonnu Muppathinu is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Joshiy.
Abubakar Adam Ibrahim (born 1979) is a Nigerian creative writer and journalist.
Daddy Long Legs or Vadertje Langbeen is a 1938 Dutch romantic comedy film directed by Frederic Zelnik, based on Jean Webster's 1912 novel of the same name - one of several adaptations of that book (see below).
Mostly Blues...and Some Others is a 1983 studio album by Count Basie.
Újezd u Tišnova is a village and municipality (obec) in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Laila Khan (Pashto: لیلا خان‎) is a Pakistani Pashtun playback singer.
Claude Minière (born October 25, 1938) is an essayist and poet.
Alexander Viktorovich Masalov (Yelagin) (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ви́кторович Масалóв (Елáгин); born 2 August 1953, Moscow) is a Russian sports commentator, presenter and actor. Alexander Yelagin was born in 1953.
Boyz-n-Blue is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Boss Hogg Outlawz.
Dymokury (German: Dimokur) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Desire and Hell at Sunset Motel is a 1992 neo-noir black comedy written and directed by Alien Castle and produced by Donald P. Borchers that film stars Sherilyn Fenn, Whip Hubley, David Hewlett, David Johansen and Paul Bartel.
In June 2016, Columbus Lions' owner Skip Seda and father Keke Seda founded a league called the Arena Developmental League (ADL) in the wake of several years of minor indoor leagues folding.
"KAZF (91.9 FM), branded as "" La Radio Cristiana "" , was a Spanish language Christian Music format radio station that served the Hebbronville, Texas area."
Air Mauritanie was the national airline of Mauritania from 1962 until it ceased operations in 2007 due to financial difficulties. It was based at Nouakchott International Airport, from where it operated domestic services, as well as flights to African destinations and Paris.
right|220px|border Greenhalgh Castle is a castle, now ruined, near the town of Garstang in Lancashire, England.
The Couches de Balme is a geologic formation in France.
Sublette Municipal Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport located one & nbsp;nautical mile (2 & nbsp;km) northeast of the central business district of Sublette, a city in Haskell County, Kansas, United States.
Malcolm Esajas (born 13 July 1986 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who plays for JOS Watergraafsmeer in the Dutch Derde Divisie.
Halse Rogers Arnott (1879May, 1961) The descendants of William Arnott Retrieved 31 July 2012 was an Australian medical practitioner, company director and chairman of Arnott's.
Stevan Jelovac (Serbian: Стеван Јеловац, born July 8, 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for Gaziantep of the Basketball Super League.
Vedanth Bharadwaj (born 1 October 1980) is a vocalist and composer born in Mumbai, India.
Gaspare Traversi (c. 1722 – 1 November 1770) was an Italian Rococo painter best known for his genre works. Active mostly in his native city of Naples, he also painted throughout Italy, including a stay in Parma.
RJ Liebenberg (born 11 December 1990 in Bethlehem) is a South African rugby union player who most recently played for .
Ratajno [raˈtai̯nɔ] (German: Panthenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Johnny Boy were an indie pop band from Liverpool, England which consisted of two members; the London born Lolly Hayes (Lorraine Hayward) and the Liverpool resident Davo (Andrew Davitt, a keyboard tech for the Manic Street Preachers).
Lieutenant-General Kanwar Bahadur Singh, MBE, (5 August 1910 & ndash; 8 May 2007) was a senior officer in the Indian Army.
Frank Hodgkinson (23 April 1919—20 October 2001) was a noted Australian printmaker, painter and graphic artist.
Amusa Shittu (1937 – 13 March 2012) was a Nigerian international footballer.
Lielmēmele Manor (Latvian: Lielmēmeles muižas pils, German: Groß-Memelhof), also called Mēmele, is a manor house in Mazzalve Parish, Nereta Municipality in the historical region of Selonia, in Latvia.
Judge Neilson Poe (August 11, 1809 - January 4, 1884) was an American judge for the City of Baltimore's orphan's court, (now referred to as a probate court).
Dragonslayer is the fourth and final studio album recorded by the Canadian indie band Sunset Rubdown.
Upton-by-Chester High School is a coeducational state high school located in the United Kingdom. The headteacher is Mrs Dixon.
Clémentine Autain (born 26 May 1973 in Saint-Cloud) is a French politician and feminist.
Dmitry Sergeyevich Kosenko (Russian: Дми́трий Серге́евич Косе́нко; born 21 October 1986) is a former Russian professional association football player. He played made his debut for FC Rostov on 13 July 2005 in a Russian Cup game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.
Hans Koch (16 August 1893 – 24 April 1945) was a German lawyer, a member of the Confessional Church and a member of the German resistance against Nazism.
Glasshouse is a science fiction novel by British author Charles Stross, first published in 2006.
Sarah Cook is a Canadian scholar, historian and curator in the field of New Media art.
Hemant Mishra ( हेमन्त मिश्रा ) was an Indian character actor http://rajivparashar.webs.com/ He is an alumnus of National School of Drama.
{{Infobox settlement |name=Waiapu Valley |native_name= Te Riu o Waiapu (Māori) |native_name_lang=mri |image_skyline=Hikurangi, East Coast, New Zealand, 14th.
West Point Airport is a private airport located 3 miles north of Coburg in Lane County, Oregon, USA.
Julian Marshall (24 June 1836 – 21 November 1903) was an English music and print collector, tennis player and writer. Marshall was born in Headingley, Yorkshire to a flax-spinning family.
House of Boys is a 2009 Luxembourgian-German drama film directed and written by Jean-Claude Schlim, starring Layke Anderson, Benn Northover and Udo Kier.
Ancient History: A Paraphase is Joseph McElroy's third novel, published in 1971.
"WAXB (850 AM, ""94.5 The Hawk"") is a radio station licensed to Ridgefield, Connecticut, United States, one of three area stations owned by The Berkshire Broadcasting Corporation."
Carcanet Press is a publisher, primarily of poetry, based in the United Kingdom and founded in 1969 by Michael Schmidt.
On Oni Pond is the fifth studio album by American band Man Man.
Robert Klippel AO (19 June 192019 June 2001) was an Australian constructivist sculptor and teacher.
Dziuplina () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Svetlana Nikishina is a former volleyball player for the USSR. Born in Chelyabinsk, she competed for the Soviet Union at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Kaltekah (Persian: كلتكه‎) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.
Xi Zhang (Chinese: 张曦; born 1984 in Kaifeng, China) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in China and the United States.
{{Infobox comic book title | title = DC Super Stars | image = Dc-super-stars01.jpg | caption = Cover of DC Super Stars #1 (March 1976).
Goniwilk-Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Postmortem (released as Obit in the United Kingdom) is a 1998 film directed by Albert Pyun, starring Charlie Sheen, Ivana Miličević and Michael Halsey.
Dance Love Pop is the third studio album by Swedish singer Agnes, released originally on 29 October 2008 in Sweden.
Paul-Émile Sauvageau (September 29, 1918 & ndash; September 12, 2003) was a Canadian politician. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec and a City Councillor in Montreal, Quebec.
"Ek Ajnabee – A Man Apart (English: ""A Stranger"") is a 2005 Indian Hindi-language action-thriller film directed by Apoorva Lakhia, starring Amitabh Bachchan, Arjun Rampal and Perizaad Zorabian."
Butler Traditional High School is a high school in Louisville, Kentucky which follows the traditional school program.
The Diocese of Borgå (Swedish: Borgå stift, Finnish: Porvoon hiippakunta) is a Diocese for the Swedish-speaking minority of Finland.
Crash and Burn is a memoir by the American comedian Artie Lange.
Jay's Selection is a compilation album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai.
Venus in the East is a 1919 American comedy silent film directed by Donald Crisp, written by Gardner Hunting and Wallace Irwin, and starring Bryant Washburn, Margery Wilson, Anna Q. Nilsson, Guy Oliver, Clarence Burton and Julia Faye.
Ghalib Khan (; born 8 October 1964) is a Pakistani politician who served as Minister of State for States and Frontier Regions, in Abbasi cabinet from August 2017 to May 2018.
Grimslöv is a locality situated in Alvesta Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden with 593 inhabitants in 2010.
Nate Leaman (born November 27, 1972) is an American ice hockey coach.
Robert Miller (born July 1943), is a Canadian billionaire businessman who founded Future Electronics in 1968, and built it into the world's third-largest electronics distributor.
Glenn Corneille (July 13, 1970 in Venlo – August 23, 2005 in Baarn) was a Dutch jazz pianist.
Dragon's Fire is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey, Published in 2006, it was the twentieth book in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967.
Maurice Savin (October 17, 1894 – 1973), born Maurice Louis Savin, was a French artist, painter, ceramicist and tapestry-maker his works are included in many private and public collections.
Horn of Plenty (The Remixes) is a remix album by American indie rock band Grizzly Bear, released in 2005 on Kanine Records.
Eyal Tartazky (Hebrew:אייל טרטצקי ;born September 13, 1977) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for F.C.
Billy Lawrence (born May 3, 1971, in Boca Raton, Florida) is an American R&B/soul singer-songwriter, record producer and arranger.
Whirlpool Productions is a German house music project formed in 1991 from Cologne, consisting of musicians and producers Eric D. Clark, Justus Köhncke and Hans Nieswandt.
Əsgərbəyli (also Askerbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 990.
Requiem for Julius is an album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet released by the Justin Time label.
"""Next Plane to London"" is the debut single by the American folk rock band, The Rose Garden."
BlockDos is a Mississauga, Ontario, Canada Internet security company that provides protection services against DDoS (distributed denial of service) attacks.
WQZK-FM is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Keyser, West Virginia, serving the Keyser/Cumberland/Frostburg area.
Hero of Many is an independent video game developed by Trickster Arts. It is an Action-adventure game for Android, iOS, Ouya and Windows.
Michael Brito is an American businessman and social media strategist.
Edwin Olde Riekerink (born 28 September 1961) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Sparta Rotterdam and FC Groningen between 1981 and 1994.
The Lookalike is a 1990 American made-for-television thriller film directed by Gary Nelson based on a novel by Kate Wilhelm and starring Melissa Gilbert and Diane Ladd.
Batetsky () is a rural locality (a settlement of rural type) and the administrative center of Batetsky District, Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located in the northwest of the oblast, on the banks of the Udrayka River (a right tributary of the Luga).
William Hannon (1879–1950) was a Catholic priest from the United States who served as the fourth president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1915 to 1926.
REDIRECT Artesis Plantijn University College of Antwerp#Artesis Hogeschool Antwerpen Category:Education in Antwerp Category:History of Antwerp.
James Hiroyuki Liao (born February 6, 1976) is an American actor known for his roles as Jay Lee on Unforgettable and Roland Glenn on Prison Break.
Výčapy is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
""" Right Thru Me "" is the second official single from Trinidadian-born American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj's Young Money debut album, Pink Friday (2010)."
Black Friday (originally published in 1986 as Black Market) is an American thriller novel by James Patterson.
Bruno Boscherie (born 22 February 1951 in Carpentras) is a French fencer who took part in the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow.
Deron Feldhaus (born December 16, 1968), is an American former basketball player.
Gerrit Fauser (born 13 July 1989) is a German professional ice hockey player currently with the Grizzlys Wolfsburg in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Roger Dean Miller Jr. (born October 15, 1965 in Los Angeles, California ) is an American country music artist, known professionally as Dean Miller.
The Socialist Party (Indonesian: Partai Sosialis) was a political party in Indonesia.
"Bleeders (also known as Hemoglobin) is a 1997 Canadian horror film directed by Peter Svatek, based upon H. P. Lovecraft's story ""The Lurking Fear""."
Fred Anderson Quartet Volume Two is a double album by American jazz saxophonist Fred Anderson which was recorded live during the 1999 season at the Chicago club owned by Anderson, the Velvet Lounge, and released on the Asian Improv label.
Robert Leon Fuller (July 28, 1938) is a former American football coach.
Villiers-sur-Tholon is a former commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Domino Effect is the eighth studio album released by the hard rock band Gotthard.
Zombie Girl is a Canadian electro-industrial/industrial rock project started in 2005.
"1982 Out of the Blue was a various artists "" hits "" compilation album released in Australia in 1982 on the Festival record label (Catalogue No."
Nerkin Shengavit (, also, Nerkin Shengavit’) is a part of Shengavit District in Yerevan, Armenia.
The Art Institute of Dallas in Dallas, Texas, United States, is a non-profit institution owned and operated by Dream Center Education Holdings (DCEH), LLC.
Gujiće is a village in the municipality of Tutin, Serbia.
The keep is oval and has walls 10 feet thick and 30 feet high.
Days of Thunder is a 1990 American sports action drama film released by Paramount Pictures, produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Tony Scott.
Man from Rainbow Valley is a 1946 American Western Magnacolor film directed by R.
"""Somewhere Inside"" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings."
Mail is an Email client developed by Microsoft and included in Windows Vista and later.
Jason Hale (1971-07-03) July 3, 1971 (age 48) is an American actor, international theatre director, and Professor of theatre.
Vismayam is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Raghunath Paleri and produced by CC Cine Vision.
Philosophers Behaving Badly is a 2004 book by Nigel Rodgers and Mel Thompson.
Random Thoughts is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen recorded in 1990 for the Blue Note label.
Henry Woodward had two sons, both of whom died before he did; the eldest, Henry Page Woodward was also a noted geologist who worked in Australia.
Toynton All Saints is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England, about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) south of the town of Spilsby.
The Girl of the Night is a 1915 American silent crime film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney.
Modris Liepiņš (born 3 August 1966 in Tukums) is a Latvian race walker.
WRJN (1400 AM) is a MOR radio station located in Racine, Wisconsin, and serving the areas of Racine, Kenosha and Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
"Clurel Eugene Mayfield, known as Gene Mayfield or ""Father of Mojo"" (January 31, 1928 – October 2, 2009), was an American football coach in Texas high schools and at West Texas A&M University."
Rose Hill School is a co-educational preparatory school in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England.
Bromance is an American reality television series that originally aired on MTV from December 29, 2008 until February 2, 2009.
Ståle Dyrvik (born 26 October 1943) is a Norwegian historian.
Kawlo Iyun Pacidal (; born 9 April 1977 in Taipei, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese politician and former TV presenter.
WFBM (90.5 FM) is an American non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Beaver Springs, Pennsylvania.
Sister Gertrude Morgan (April 7, 1900 – July 8, 1980) was a self-taught African American artist, musician, poet and preacher. Born in LaFayette, Alabama, she relocated to New Orleans in 1939, where she lived and worked until her death in 1980.
KCVL (1240 AM) is a radio station licensed to Colville, Washington, United States.
Marist School is a private Catholic school located in Brookhaven, Georgia, United States, north of the city of Atlanta.
The Good Soldier is a 2009 documentary film directed and produced by American filmmakers Lexy Lovell and Michael Uys.
Ravikumar is an Indian film and television actor in Malayalam and Tamil movies and serials.
The Bloody Brood is a 1959 Canadian thriller film directed by Julian Roffman.
Agni Shikha is a 1999 film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Binu Sengupta & Damini Naidu.
Spider-Man Unlimited was an endless runner video game developed and published by Gameloft based on the Marvel Comics superhero Spider-Man.
Strange Serenade is an album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1980 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Frank Schaeffer (born August 3, 1952) is an American author, film director, screenwriter, and public speaker.
Rogério Tolomei Teixeira (born September 2, 1956), better known by his stage name Rogério Skylab, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter, lyricist, classical guitarist, poet, essayist, record producer, actor and former television presenter.
Sorry (ごめん) a.k.a. Gomen is a 2002 Japanese film by director Shin Togashi.
"The Ernie Game is a 1967 Canadian drama film directed by Don Owen. ""."
A Night in Rio (Finnish: Rion yö) is a 1951 Finnish musical comedy film directed by Ville Salminen and starring Assi Nortia, Leif Wager and Tapio Rautavaara.
Police Headquarters at Sentrum Police Station, Trondheim. Sør-Trøndelag Police District () in Norway was created in 2002 when the former Trondheim Police District and Uttrøndelag Police District were merged.
Gheorghe Megelea (born 14 March 1954) is a retired Romanian javelin thrower who won a bronze medal at the 1976 Olympics.
Foutaises (English title: Things I Like, Things I Hate) is a 1989 French short film directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
The Messe für den Gründonnerstag (Mass for Maundy Thursday), WAB 9, is a missa brevis composed by Anton Bruckner in 1844.
XHJK-FM is a radio station on 102.1 FM in Ciudad Delicias, Chihuahua.
Major Thomas Jones (c. 1665 – 13 December 1713) emigrated to Rhode Island from Strabane, in Ireland. There he married Freelove Townsend, daughter of Captain Thomas Townsend, and went on to beserve as a privateer and, later, an influential figure on Long Island.
Saint-Edmond-de-Grantham is a parish municipality in the Centre-du-Québec region of Quebec. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 673.
Prattville–Grouby Field is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (3.5 & nbsp;mi, 5.6 & nbsp;km) southwest of the central business district of Prattville, a city in Autauga County, Alabama, United States.
Le Plessis-Pâté is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Where Shall I Wander is a 2005 poetry collection by the American writer John Ashbery.
The Oregon Health & Science University School of Dentistry is the dental school of Oregon Health & Science University. It is located in the city of Portland, Oregon, United States.
Mahovci (pronounced [ˈmaːxɔu̯tsi]) is a village in the Municipality of Apače in northeastern Slovenia.
Marvin Bakalorz (born 13 September 1989) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hannover 96 in the Bundesliga.
Oliver Milburn (born 25 February 1973), occasionally known by the name Oz Milburn, is an English actor and restaurateur.
María Guadalupe Araujo (born December 10, 1955), better known as Ana Gabriel, is a Mexican singer and songwriter from Comanito, Sinaloa, Mexico.
Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the British pop group Five Star released in 1989. It was the group's first 'greatest hits' collection after a run of successful singles and albums since 1985.
Joanne Lunn is an English classical soprano in opera and concert. Joanne Lunn studied at Royal College of Music, where she graduated and received the Tagore Gold Medal.
Tyler Read is a Southern rock band from Shreveport, Louisiana.
Blind Divine is an American band, whose music is classified as trip hop, shoegazing and ambient.
A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language () is a descriptive grammar of English written by Randolph Quirk, Sidney Greenbaum, Geoffrey Leech, and Jan Svartvik.
KWKB, virtual channel 20 (UHF digital channel 25), is a Court TV Mystery-affiliated television station licensed to Iowa City, Iowa, United States, serving the Eastern Iowa (Cedar Rapids–Waterloo–Iowa City–Dubuque) and Quad Cities television markets.
Fee Malten (1911–2005) was a German film actress, who later emigrated to the United States. Born in Berlin as Felicitas Mansch, Malten appeared as a leading lady in both silent and sound films of the late Weimar era.
""" My Kinsman, Major Molineux "" is a short story written by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne in 1831."
Elvira Akhmet (born 2 May 1994) is a Kazakhstani handball player.
Paul Tirard (2 June 1879 – 23 December 1945) was chairman of the Inter-Allied Rhineland High Commission from 1919 to 1930.
"William John McGregor ""Greg"" Tegart AM FTSE was a senior Australian public servant. Greg Tegart was born on 27 March 1929."
The Hunter of Fall (German: Der Jäger von Fall) is a 1936 German drama film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Paul Richter, Franz Loskarn and Rolf Pinegger.
Hell on Heels: The Battle of Mary Kay is a 2002 American-Canadian made-for-television biographical comedy-drama film directed by Ed Gernon and starring Shirley MacLaine and Shannen Doherty.
Suddenly is a 2013 thriller film directed by Uwe Boll, with a screenplay by Raul Inglis and starring Ray Liotta.
Male Pijace (in Serbian Cyrillic: Мале Пијаце, in Hungarian: Kispiac) is a village in Serbia.
Gerilja is an alternative rock band from Oslo, Norway.
Caroline Leaf (born August 12, 1946 in Seattle, Washington) is a Canadian-American filmmaker, animator, director, producer, and tutor.
Qaleh Now Rural District (Persian: دهستان قلعه نو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Qaleh Now District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran.
Objective Media Group (OMG), previously known as Objective Productions, is a media company that produces shows in Comedy, Comedy Drama, Entertainment, Factual Entertainment and Magic.
Shu Shien-Siu (Chinese: 徐賢修; pinyin: Xú Xiánxiū; 1912–2001), also known as S. S. Shu, was a Chinese/Taiwanese mathematician, engineer and educator. Shu was born in Yongjia County, Wenzhou City, Zhejiang Province on 12 Sep 1912.
Ignacówka Pierwsza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Cheung Ngan Yi (Chinese: 張雁宜; pinyin: Zhāng Yànyí; born 27 April 1993) is a Hong Kong badminton player.
"""All I Want Is Everything"" is a 1996 song by the English hard rock band Def Leppard from their album Slang."
Ociąż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Jastro Park is a public park located in Bakersfield, California.
For other people called Ludwig Koch, see Ludwig Koch (disambiguation). Ludwig Koch (Vienna, 13 December 1866 – 26 November 1934) was an Austrian painter, sculptor and illustrator.
Aston Academy (formerly Aston Comprehensive School until 30 April 2011) is a secondary school with academy status at Swallownest in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.
Pwani University is a public university in the Kilifi County in Kenya, located 60 km north of Mombasa in the resort town of Kilifi, within the larger Kilifi County.
Kolešovice is a village and municipality in Rakovník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The Interactive Disassembler (IDA) is a disassembler for computer software which generates assembly language source code from machine-executable code.
Roderick Neil Brown, Q.C. is a lawyer, biologist, Canadian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, representing the constituency of Calgary-Nose Hill as a Progressive Conservative.
Judith Regan (born August 17, 1953, in Massachusetts) is an American editor, producer, book publisher, and television and radio talk show host.
WFLQ 100.1 FM is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to French Lick, Indiana, the station is owned by Willtronics Broadcasting.
The Rivers State Ministry of Environment (RSMENV) is a ministry of the Government of Rivers State established in 2003 to deal with matters relating to the environment.
Niederröblingen is a village and a former municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Allstedt.
Coordinates: 50°53′31″N 1°58′03″W﻿ / ﻿50.891972°N 1.967389°W﻿ / 50.891972; -1.967389 Knowlton Circles (also known as Knowlton Henges or Knowlton Rings) are a complex of henges and earthworks in Knowlton, Dorset, England.
Dumfries Burghs was a district of burghs constituency of the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1708 to 1801 and of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 until 1918.
Ernest E. Cole (November 18, 1871 – November 19, 1949) was a New York state lawmaker who served as Commissioner of Education of the State of New York from 1940 to 1942.
Manuel Schäffler (born 6 February 1989) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for German 2. Schäffler was born in Fürstenfeldbruck.
Paco Catholic School is a co-institutional private school. The school is located in the district of Paco in the City of Manila, Philippines.
WCBV-LP (105.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Lima, Ohio, United States; the station serves the Lima area, broadcasting a southern gospel format.
The Cry of the Owl is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith, the eighth of her 22 novels.
The Legend of the Evil Lake (Korean: 천년호; RR: Cheonnyeonho) is a 2003 South Korean fantasy/horror film directed by Lee Kwang-hoon.
Fredrik Larsson (born 14 August 1974) is the current bass guitarist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall, which he left in 1997, but rejoined in 2007.
Conrad Bain was born in Lethbridge, Alberta, the son of Jean Agnes (née Young) and Stafford Harrison Bain, who was a wholesaler.
A Perfect Day for Love Letters (Japanese: 恋文日和, Hepburn: Koibumi Biyori) is a Japanese manga short story series written and illustrated by George Asakura.
Lee Ji-hyun (Korean: 이지현; born December 12, 1986), better known by her stage name Qri, is a South Korean singer and actress.
Portrait of Eugenia of Leuchtenberg Princess Eugenia Maximilianovna of Leuchtenberg () (1 April 1845 – 4 May 1925) was a daughter of Maximilian de Beauharnais, 3rd Duke of Leuchtenberg and his wife Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia.
Harold Wertz (August 3, 1927 – November 21, 1999) was an American child actor. Wertz was born in Denison, Texas, and raised in Long Beach, California.
"The Platinum Brothers are an American record production duo based in Atlanta, Georgia. Consisting of Adam Gibbs and Mike Chesser, the duo produced ""Let's Chill"" and ""So Hot"" from Charlie Wilson's album Charlie, Last Name Wilson which has gone on to sell over 300,000 copies."
The Peter, Paul and Mary Album, also known as Album, is the sixth studio album by the American folk music trio Peter, Paul and Mary, released in 1966 (see 1966 in music).
Decade (Live at the El Mocambo) is the first live album by Canadian rock band Silverstein, released on June 8, 2010 on Victory.
Salvatore Maranzano (Italian: [salvaˈtoːre maranˈtsaːno]; July 31, 1886 – September 10, 1931) was an organized crime figure from the town of Castellammare del Golfo, Sicily, and an early Cosa Nostra boss who led what later would become the Bonanno crime family in New York City.
Toomas Raadik (born 15 August 1990) is an Estonian professional basketball player for Bærum Basket of the Norwegian BLNO.
Hélène Conway-Mouret (born September 13, 1960 in Bône) is a French academic and politician.
Whale ( / Kit) is a 1970 Bulgarian satirical comedy film directed by Petar B. Vasilev and written by Cheremuhin.
"""Fourth of July Picnic"" is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout, first published as ""The Labor Union Murder"" in the July 9, 1957, issue of Look magazine."
The Fort de Saint-Cyr, located in the commune of Montigny-le-Bretonneux, (Yvelines), is one of the forts built at the end of the 19th century to defend Paris.
Eleanor of Sicily (1325–1375) was Queen of Aragon from 1349 until 1375 as the third wife of King Peter IV. Eleanor was the daughter of Peter II of Sicily and Elisabeth of Carinthia.
Dick Turpin's Ride (reissued as The Lady and the Bandit) is a 1951 American adventure film directed by Ralph Murphy and starring Louis Hayward.
William Screven (c. 1629 & ndash; 1713) was a 17th-century Reformed Baptist church planter and preacher from England who founded the first Baptist church in the South.
Roomies is an American sitcom television series created by Sy Rosen, that aired on NBC from March 19 until May 15, 1987.
One Model Nation is a graphic novel by Jim Rugg and Dandy Warhols frontman Courtney Taylor-Taylor about a fictional 1970s German krautrock band.
Alexandru Mesian (born January 22, 1937) is a Romanian bishop of the Greek-Catholic Church.
Soaked in Bleach is a 2015 American docudrama directed by Benjamin Statler, who co-wrote and produced it with Richard Middelton and Donnie Eichar.
Crash is a thrash metal band from Seoul, South Korea. Crash was formed in 1991 with the lineup of Ahn Heung-Chan (vocals, bass guitar), Jung Yong-Wook (drums) and Yoon Doo-Byung (guitar).
Allan Holdsworth (6 August 1946 – 15 April 2017) was a British jazz fusion and progressive rock guitarist and composer.
Girish Kohli (born November 29, 1983 in Mumbai) is an Indian author and screenwriter.
""" I Can't Love You Back "" is a song written by Carson Chamberlain, Jeff Hyde, and Clint Daniels and recorded by American country music artist Easton Corbin."
Le comiche is a 1990 Italian comedy film written and directed by Neri Parenti and starring Renato Pozzetto and Paolo Villaggio.
Martin Písařík (born 1 July 1979 in Prague) is a Czech film, television and stage actor.
The Cégep André-Laurendeau is a public French-language college located at 1111 Lapierre Street in Montreal (LaSalle), Quebec, Canada.
Quantico is an American thriller drama television series which aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) from September 27, 2015, to August 3, 2018, with 57 episodes broadcast over three seasons.
Wang Wenyin (Chinese: 王文银, born 1968) is a Chinese businessman and chairman of Amer International Group, a Chinese company that produces cable and copper products.
""" Hey Girl "" is a song written by Rhett Akins, Chris DeStefano, and Ashley Gorley and recorded by American country music artist Billy Currington."
Tolombeh-ye Avaz Karimi (, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ‘Avaẕ Karīmī) is a village in Dehram Rural District, Dehram District, Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.
John Michael Stringer (26 July 1924 – 7 March 2004) was a film production designer, art director, painter and illustrator.
Andy Samuel (April 10, 1909 – March 5, 1992) was an American child actor most notable for his appearances in 19 Our Gang comedies over a three-year period.
Brand New War are a punk rock/street punk band from Los Angeles, California who began their career as The God Awfuls.
John Evans is an American film director and screenwriter and documentary filmmaker known for such films as The Black Godfather, Blackjack and Speeding Up Time.
The Strawberry Blonde is a 1941 American romantic comedy film directed by Raoul Walsh, starring James Cagney and Olivia de Havilland, and featuring Rita Hayworth, Alan Hale, Jack Carson, and George Tobias.
""" Somewhere in the World "" is the debut single by series two winner of The X Factor Australia, Altiyan Childs."
Jérémie Renier (French: [ʁenje]; born 6 January 1981) is a Belgian actor.
Józef Gosławski was born in Polanówka, in the Lublin Governorate of Congress Poland, but was brought up Wąwolnica with his parents, two brothers (including younger brother Stanisław Gosławski, who also became a sculptor) and two sisters.
.az is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Azerbaijan.
"Sea Change is a realistic children's adventure novel by Richard Armstrong, first published by Dent in 1948 with line drawings by Michel Leszczynski & sd=asc & referer=di & se=yr & editionsView=true & fq= "" Formats and Editions of Sea change "" ."
Mitsuko Delivers (ハラがコレなんで, Hara ga Kore Nande) is a 2011 Japanese comedy film directed by Yuya Ishii.
Branko Gračanin (born 19 October 1943 in Zagreb, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a former Croatian football player.
Rob Kimmons (born January 30, 1981) is a retired American mixed martial artist who last competed in the Welterweight division.
The Good Creek Formation is a geologic formation in Texas.
Puranchandra Vidyaniketan is a public school in the industrial city of Kanpur,in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Sveinn Björnsson (Icelandic: [ˈsveitn̥ ˈpjœsːɔn]; 27 February 1881 – 25 January 1952) was the first President of the Republic of Iceland (1944–1952).
The Tamil Mirror is a Tamil-language news website in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Osmanthus Alley (Chinese: 桂花巷; pinyin: Guì Huā Xiàng) is a 1987 Taiwanese drama film directed by Chen Kunhou.
Stara Pułapina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Adventures is the eighth studio album by Japanese Jazz fusion band T-Square, who was then known as The Square.
Shaheed Benazir Bhutto City University () or SBBCU is a private degree awarding Institution located in Karachi, Pakistan.
Rosangela Abreu Crespo (born June 30, 1983 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican-Puerto Rican singer who participated as a contestant in the second season of Objetivo Fama, and the second season of Latin American Idol.
Andreea Esca (Romanian pronunciation: [anˈdree̯a ˈeska], born August 29, 1972) is a Romanian television journalist on the Pro TV network.
The Pistol is the first EP by Swedish post-hardcore/emo/indie rock band Sounds Like Violence, released on April 27, 2004.
Kushiro Public University of Economics (釧路公立大学, Kushiro kouritsu daigaku) is a public university in Kushiro, Hokkaido, Japan.
MyDLP is a data loss prevention solution originally available released as free and open source software.
Sikkim University is a central university established under an Act of Parliament of India.
Deep Cuts is the second studio album by Swedish electronic music duo The Knife.
The Yenikend reservoir (Azerbaijani: Yenikənd su anbarı) is a large reservoir in the Shamkir Rayon of northwestern Azerbaijan.
University of the Pacific (Pacific or UOP) is a private Methodist-affiliated university with campuses in Sacramento, San Francisco, and Stockton, California.
Expectations is a 1972 album by the pianist, saxophonist and composer Keith Jarrett, released on Columbia Records.
Five in the Black is the second Japanese studio album (fifth overall) by South Korean pop group Tohoshinki, released on March 14, 2007 by Rhythm Zone.
"La trovatella di Milano (i. ""The foundling of Milan"") is a 1956 Italian historical melodrama film produced and directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Massimo Serato and Franca Marzi."
Life's Lottery is a speculative fiction novel by Kim Newman, published in 1999.
Peter Buckley (born 9 March 1969 in Birmingham, England) is a retired English journeyman boxer in the Welterweight division.
Hao Xingchen is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a forward for Dalian Transcendence in the China League One.
Grabovik (Goražde) is a neighbourhood in the city of Goražde, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Uyire Unakkaga (transl. My life is for you) is a 1986 Indian Tamil language film, directed by K. Rangarajan.
Kaj Garadan (Persian: كج گردن‎) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Heniz (, also Romanized as Henīz; also known as Hīnz) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
In the Beginning is the first compilation album from the rock band Journey, containing songs from the group's first three albums (Journey, Look into the Future, and Next).
Chris Brochu (born June 25, 1989 in Washington, D.C.) is an American actor and singer-songwriter, older brother of Doug Brochu.
Nadhim Zahawi (; born 2 June 1967) is an Iraqi-born British Conservative Party politician of Kurdish descent who is a junior Minister and has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Stratford-on-Avon since 2010, after the retirement of previous Conservative MP John Maples.
Stare Boryszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Gina Cerminara (April 11, 1914 – April 1984) was an American author in the fields of parapsychology, spirituality and reincarnation.
Vryburg Airport is an airport serving Vryburg, a town in the North West province, South Africa.
Daniel Lipman is a writer and producer from Baltimore, Maryland.
Golany [ɡɔˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
...This Would Be Paradise is the debut EP by the Canadian alternative rock musician Melissa Auf der Maur, released on November 11, 2008 on Urbinated Music.
Mr. Silla & Mongoose is an Icelandic band consisting of fellow students Sigurlaug Gísladóttir and Magnús B. Skarphéðinsson.
Melinda Weaver (born February 1987) is an Australian softball player from Brisbane, Queensland.
CKII-FM is a radio station which broadcasts community radio programming at 101.3 MHz (FM) in Dolbeau-Mistassini, Quebec, Canada.
Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Lake County, Minnesota, United States.
Chicanery is an American experimental rock band consisting of Warren Cuccurullo and Neil Carlill.
Staroye Drozhzhanoye (; , İske Çüpräle) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Drozhzhanovsky District in Tatarstan, Russia.
North Starr is a 2008 film directed by Matthew Stanton.
Kelly Bailey is a composer, musician and programmer.
Ken Lauber (born May 14, 1941) is an American composer, arranger producer, musician, singer and playwright.
Fidlar (stylized as FIDLAR), is the debut studio album by California skate punk band Fidlar, released on January 1, 2013, through Dine Alone Records in Canada; on January 22, 2013, through Mom + Pop Music in the US; and on February 1, 2013, through Wichita Recordings in the UK.
The American Craft Council (ACC) is a national nonprofit organization based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, that champions craft.
Chan Pak Hang (Chinese: 陳柏衡; Cantonese Yale: Chàn Paakhàng ; born 21 November 1992) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Pegasus.
St. Vincent's Convent School, Balasore is an English medium school in the coastal city of Balasore, Odisha, India.
Li Ruijun (Chinese: 李睿珺; pinyin: Lǐ Ruìjùn, born 1983) is a Chinese film director and screenwriter.
Edna McGriff (December 16, 1935 – March 1980) was an American rhythm and blues singer and pianist.
Maizières-lès-Vic () is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The 43rd Erinpura Regiment was a regiment of the British Indian Army. It originated in the three infantry companies of Bhils of the Jodhpur Legion that stayed loyal to the British when the Legion revolted in 1857.
Giles Goat-Boy (1966) is the fourth novel by American writer John Barth.
REDIRECT Air Intelligence (Pakistan).
Back to Blood is Tom Wolfe's fourth and final novel, published by Little, Brown.
Alferce is a freguesia (parish) in the Monchique Municipality (Algarve, Portugal).
Akkineni Nagarjuna (born 29 August 1959) is an Indian film actor, producer, television presenter, and entrepreneur known for his works primarily in Telugu and Hindi language films.
Shake It Up: I Love Dance (stylized as Shake It Up: I <3 Dance, also known as Shake It Up: I ♥ Dance) is the third and final soundtrack for the Disney Channel Original Series Shake It Up.
Trailer Trash Tracys are an English experimental rock/dream pop band that originated in London, England. The band was founded in 2011 by songwriters Susanne Aztoria and Jimmy Lee.
Donald Churchill (6 November 193029 October 1991) was an English actor and playwright.
Fishy Tales is a 1937 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas.
Aleksey Lesnichiy (also Aliaksei Liasnichy, ; born February 3, 1978) is a retired Belarusian high jumper.
Magical Vacation[a] is a 2001 role-playing video game developed by Brownie Brown and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance only in Japan on December 7, 2001, and was later re-released in the same region in 2006.
The Norwood Tuff is a geologic formation in Utah.
Avantika University is a private, cross-disciplinary university based in Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh, India.
Dan Bordeianu (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈdan bordeˈjanu]; born 23 October 1975) is a Romanian actor and occasional singer, mostly known for his parts in telenovelas.
Man, Woman and Sin (1927) is a silent film produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film was directed by Monta Bell and John Gilbert, and stars Gilbert and stage actress Jeanne Eagels in one of her rare film appearances.
Nari Munidare Mari (Kannada: ನಾರಿ ಮುನಿದರೆ ಮಾರಿ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film, directed by Geethapriya and produced by M. P. Shankar.
Mike Heller (born January 17, 1982) originally from Brooklyn, New York, is a drummer in bands including the industrial metal group Fear Factory, the technical death metal band Malignancy, and the British heavy metal band Raven.
Heart of a Dog (, translit. & nbsp;Sobachye serdtse) is a black-and-white 1988 Soviet television film directed by Vladimir Bortko.
You Once Told Me is the first officially released studio album from Andain, succeeding ten years of various works and performances.
Dr Alexander Anderson (April 21, 1775 – January 17, 1870) was an American physician and illustrator. Anderson was born in New York City to Scottish parents.
The Optimist Live is a live album by British rock band Turin Brakes.
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Eighth Annual Collection is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published on July 5, 2011.
""" I Can't Change the World "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley."
Naren Ray (1940 – 24 July 2003) better known as Sufi, was an Indian cartoonist with a career spanning nearly five decades, during which time he published political as well as children's cartoons in prominent Bengali magazines and newspapers.
Manga: Sixty Years of Japanese Comics is a 2004 encyclopaedia written by Paul Gravett.
Kępa Mała [ˈkɛmpa ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Borychów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Gainey's daughter, Laura, died at age 25 in December 2006.
MV Lady Rose is a small, single-screw, diesel coastal vessel, which operated on the west coast of British Columbia, Canada.
Armadillo is William Boyd's seventh novel, published in 1998.
is a vertically scrolling platform game developed by Konami for the MSX home computer, and published in 1984. Konami included Magical Tree in the 1998 game anthology Konami Antiques MSX Collection, Vol.
Andrija Zmajević (Perast, Republic of Venice, now Montenegro, 6 June 1628 - 7 September 1694) was a Baroque poet, the Archbishop of Antivari and a theologian.
While Director of the Dramatic Society he met and married the society's secretary Barbara MacDonagh (sister of Donagh MacDonagh and daughter of 1916 Rising leader Thomas MacDonagh ). They had four children.
Christoph Schaub (born 1958) is a Swiss film director and screenwriter.
BMX Bandits (released as Short Wave in the United States) is a 1983 Australian crime comedy action film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starring Nicole Kidman.
Infinite Only is the sixth extended play released by the South Korean boy band, Infinite. It was released on September 19, 2016, by Woollim Entertainment.
Isabelle Gélinas (born October 13, 1963) is a French-Canadian actress. Isabelle Gélinas was born in Montreal, Quebec.
René Couzinet (born 20 July 1904, Saint-Martin-des-Noyers, Vendée, died 16 December 1956) was a French aeronautics engineer and aircraft manufacturer.
Blanc Burn is the fourth studio album by English synth-pop duo Blancmange, released on 7 March 2011 by Proper Records.
"""Pony"" is the debut single by American singer Ginuwine, released as a single from his first album Ginuwine...The Bachelor in 1996."
"The AllStarInc Panthers were a professional indoor football team based in Reading, Pennsylvania. The ASI Panthers had previously existed as a semi-independent indoor team; the Panthers were one of the teams in AllStarInc's "" ASI Developmental Football League. ""."
Przeźmierowo [pʂɛʑmjɛˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Dheu i Lehtë is a settlement in the former Hajmel municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania. At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Vau i Dejës.
The Saga of Seven Suns is a series of seven space opera novels by American writer Kevin J. Anderson, published between 2002 and 2008.
Kimberley Cooper (born 24 April 1980 in Sydney New South Wales), is an Australian television actress.
Roger Martin du Gard (French: [dy gaʁ]; 23 March 1881 – 22 August 1958) was a French novelist, winner of the 1937 Nobel Prize for Literature.
Hyundai Chungun High School (Korean: 현대청운고등학교; HCU), is a private boarding high school located in Dong-gu, Ulsan, South Korea.
Karinou Airlines is an airline based in Bangui, Central African Republic.
No Path Through Fire (Russian: В огне брода нет, romanized: V ogne broda net) is a 1968 Soviet war film directed by Gleb Panfilov.
Elmwood High School, or EHS, is a public four-year high school located at 301 West Butternut Street in Elmwood, Illinois, a small city in Peoria County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States.
""" Come Back to Me "" is the second official single released from American Idol season 7 winner David Cook's major label debut studio album, David Cook (2008)."
Wellman () is a Croatian documentary film directed by Branko Ištvančić.
Tres veces Ana (The Three Sides of Ana) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Angelli Nesma Medina for Televisa.
The Nechako River /nəˈtʃækoʊ/ arises on the Nechako Plateau east of the Kitimat Ranges of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia, Canada, and flows north toward Fort Fraser, then east to Prince George where it enters the Fraser River.
Al-Sarkha, Bakhʽah or Bakhʽa (Arabic: الصرخه‎ or بخعة, Aramaic: ܒܟܥܐ‎ - בכעא) is a Syrian village in the Yabroud District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate.
Isca Academy (formerly Isca College of Media Arts and Priory High School) is a mixed secondary school located in Exeter in the English county of Devon.
Mack David (July 5, 1912 – December 30, 1993) was an American lyricist and songwriter, best known for his work in film and television, with a career spanning the period between the early 1940s and the early 1970s.
Shree Airlines Pvt. Ltd. is an airline based in Sinamangal, Kathmandu, Nepal, operating chartered helicopter and scheduled fixed wing services following the delivery of three Bombardier aircraft in 2017.
Philip Joseph, Prince of Salm-Kyrburg (1709–1779) was the first prince of Salm-Kyrburg, from 1743 to 1779. He was the second son of Hendrik Gabriel Joseph of Salm-Kyrburg, regent of Salm-Kyrburg from 1696 to 1716, and his wife Princess Maria Theresia de Croÿ.
Andula Won (Czech: Andula vyhrála) is a Czech comedy film directed by Miroslav Cikán.
Nothin' Like the Summer is the debut album of country music artist Carmen Rasmusen .
Venus Equilateral is a collection of science fiction short stories by American writer George O. Smith.
Great American Gingerbread: Rasputina Rarities & Neglected Items is a limited collector's edition compilation album by American cello rock band Rasputina.
Killa (English: The Fort) is a 2014 Indian Marathi drama film directed by Avinash Arun.
Ian McPhee (born 31 January 1961 in Perth, Scotland) is a Scottish former professional footballer who spent most of his career with Forfar Athletic.
: Go Ju Ju Go' |accessdate=12 October 2016}} | rev2 = Robert Christgau | rev2Score = Go Ju Ju Go is a live album released in 1987 by the Washington, D.C.-based go-go band Experience Unlimited.
NEO Tower, or NEO Lvjiing Plaza (Chinese:NEO绿景广场) is an office complex in Shenzhen, China consisting of a main building 273 meters and 56-storey tall.
Handlana () is a village of Bhawana Tehsil in Punjab, Pakistan.
Maysa Figueira Monjardim (June 6, 1936 – January 22, 1977), better known as Maysa Matarazzo, was a Brazilian singer, composer, and actress.
Malcolm Johnson was born August 11, 1992, to James and Genesis Johnson. He enrolled at Northridge High School in Tuscaloosa, where he was a standout basketball player in his sophomore (2007–2008) and junior (2008–2009) years.
"Chaotic Neutral is the seventh solo album by Matthew Good. The album was nominated for ""Rock Album of the Year"" at the 2016 Juno Awards."
On a business trip, he met his future wife, Dafna Recanati (the daughter of Israeli investor Leon Recanati ), who had attended the same boarding school as Kaplan.
La Yaya Dam is an embankment dam on the Guantánamo River near the town of La Yaya in the municipality of Niceto Pérez in Guantánamo Province, Cuba.
The Island of Thirty Coffins (L’Île aux trente cercueils) is a 1919 novel by Maurice Leblanc featuring his gentleman thief Arsène Lupin.
Hampton Dellinger is an American lawyer and politician currently working as a partner at Boies, Schiller & Flexner.
For the Service is a 1936 American Western film directed by Buck Jones and written by Isadore Bernstein.
Ashton-Franklin Center High School, or AFCHS, is a public four-year high school located at 611 Western Avenue in Ashton, Illinois, a village in Lee County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States.
Look for the Silver Lining is a 1949 American biographical musical film directed by David Butler and written by Phoebe Ephron, Henry Ephron and Marian Spitzer.
037200 (Wittgensdorf) 037209 (Einsiedel) 03722 (Röhrsdorf) Chemnitz (German: [ˈkɛmnɪts] (listen), from 1953 to 1990: Karl-Marx-Stadt) is the third largest city in the German federal state of Saxony after Leipzig and Dresden.
Profit First Professionals has members from over ten countries, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, England, Germany, and the Netherlands. Profit First Professionals was co-founded by Mike Michalowicz and Ron Saharyan.
Bolesław Pylak (20 August 1921 – 6 June 2019) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was one of the oldest Roman Catholic bishops in Poland.
The Bear of the Baskervilles (German: Der Bär von Baskerville) is a 1916 German silent film directed by Harry Piel.
Xavier Beauvois (; born 20 March 1967) is a French actor, film director and screenwriter.
The Ministry of Justice () is a government ministry office of the Republic of Tunisia, responsible for justice affairs.
Inscription dedicated by Rufius Antonius Agrypnius to Honorius, Forum Romanum, Rome () Rufius Antonius Agrypnius Volusianus (died 6 January 437) was a fifth-century Roman aristocrat who held at least two important posts during the reign of the emperor Honorius.
Mike Umaga (born 19 February 1966) is a former Samoa international rugby union and rugby league footballer. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand.
Echo is a 1997 erotic thriller film directed by Charles Correll made for TV starring Jack Wagner and Alexandra Paul.
Maria's Stomach (マリアの胃袋, Maria no Ibukuro) is a 1990 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama.
Kvinnheringen is the local newspaper for the county of Kvinnherad in Western Norway.
Kaya Köstepen (12 December 1934 – 29 June 2011) was a Turkish football player who played club football for Altay and Beşiktaş. He was born in Aydın.
Kociołek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Oberderdingen is a municipality in the district of Karlsruhe, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Renée Méndez Capote y Chaple (12 November 1901 – 14 May 1989), also known by the pseudonyms Io-san, Berenguela, and Suzanne, was a Cuban writer, essayist, journalist, translator, suffragist, and feminist activist.
Stanislav Mykytsey (, born 7 September 1989 in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Chornomorets Odesa.
Aleksei Alekseivich German (, born September 4, 1976) is a Russian film director.
Kwak Jaesik (곽재식; Gwak Jaesik) is a South Korean novelist, science fiction writer and chemist.
Edward John Herrmann (November 6, 1913 – December 22, 1999) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Columbus from 1973 to 1982.
Kamal Bahamdan (born 12 February 1970) is a Saudi Arabian businessman and equestrian. Kamal was born in Riyadh, after attending high school he graduated in 1994 from Boston University with a Bachelor of Science in Manufacturing Engineering.
Barefoot Blue Jean Night is the third studio album by American country music artist Jake Owen.
Eating Too Fast is a 1966 Andy Warhol film made at The Factory.
Brett Deacon (born 7 March 1982 in Leicester, England) is an English former rugby union footballer who notably played for Leicester Tigers in the Premiership.
"Outlaws of the Marsh 40-episode TV Series of Shandong Version of 1986 "" Outlaws of the Marsh "" is a Chinese television series adapted from Shi Nai'an's classical novel Water Margin."
"""Who Knows Who"" is a rap rock song by the English alternative rock band Muse and the English hip hop artist Mike Skinner."
Frank Carney was an American football coach.
Killin Stone Circle (or Kinnell Stone Circle) is a prehistoric stone circle situated at the west end of Loch Tay near the village of Killin, Stirling, Scotland.
The Sawatch Formation is a geologic formation in eastern Colorado.
The National Army of Montenegro and Herzegovina (Serbian: Народна војска Црне Горе и Херцеговине) was a military unit established by Colonel Bajo Stanišić in February 1942.
Amir Mohamed el Khalifa (born February 24, 1985), better known by his stage name Oddisee, is an American rapper and record producer from Washington, D.C. He is one third of rap trio Diamond District.
XHBH-FM 98.5 is a radio station in Hermosillo, Sonora.
"""Drive (For Daddy Gene)"" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer Alan Jackson."
Holding Hope is a 2010 Nigerian drama film written by Uduak Isong Oguamanam, produced by Emem Isong and Uche Jombo, and directed by Desmond Elliot.
Suchita Trivedi (born 20 September 1976) is an Indian actress, who is known for her work in Hindi TV dramas.
Three Mysteries is a collection of mystery stories by author Donald Wandrei.
Ponders End railway station is on the Lea Valley line that forms part of the West Anglia Main Line, serving the district of Ponders End in the London Borough of Enfield, north London.
What It's Like To Be a Man New York Foundation for the Arts Fellowships: 1992, 1994, 1999 Marty Pottenger (born March 30, 1952 in Chicago, Illinois) is an award-winning American playwright, performance artist and theatre director.
Katrinedal (or Djupedalen) is a locality situated in Vänersborg Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 270 inhabitants in 2010.
Derek Ross King, MBE (born 21 February 1962) is a Scottish television presenter, actor and writer, best known for being the LA Correspondent for ITV Breakfast programmes Lorraine and Good Morning Britain.
Marco Pennette (born July 9, 1966) is an American television producer and screenwriter.
Kenny Cox (November 8, 1940 – December 19, 2008) was a jazz pianist performing in the post bop, hard bop and bebop mediums.
Old Czech Legends (Czech: Staré pověsti české) is a 1952 Czechoslovak stop motion puppet animation film directed by Jiří Trnka.
Gitane is an album by American jazz bassist Charlie Haden and French gypsy jazz guitarist Christian Escoudé that was released in 1978.
En vinternat (English: A winter night) is a 1917 Norwegian crime film written by Peter Lykke-Seest, and directed by Lykke-Seest and Oscar Gustafson, starring Oscar Gustafson, Helen Storm and Moltke Garmann.
The Pratt & Whitney R-4360 Wasp Major is an American 28-cylinder four-row radial piston aircraft engine designed and built during World War II, and the largest-displacement aviation piston engine to be mass-produced in the United States.
Yellabinna Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia located in the gazetted locality of Yellabinna about 100 kilometres (62 miles) north of the town of Ceduna.
Tangeni Amupadhi is a Namibian journalist. He is the Editor-in-chief of The Namibian, Namibia's largest English daily newspaper.
Rejoicing in the Hands (full title Rejoicing in the Hands of the Golden Empress) is the third studio album from psychedelic folk musician Devendra Banhart and the second full release for the label Young God.
With no high school in their area, Hugo's parents sent Hugo and his older brother Adán to live with their grandmother Rosa, who lived in a lower middle class subsidized home provided by the government, where they attended Daniel O'Leary High School in the mid-1960s.
The Two Orphans was a 1915 American silent romantic drama film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Theda Bara.
Vidhva Shiromani Brahma Sri C. Ganesha Iyer (1 April 1878 – 8 November 1958) was a Ceylonese Tamil philologist from Jaffna. Iyer was the fifth son of Chinnaiyar and Chinnammal, born in the agricultural village of Punnalaikkadduvan, 12 kilometres north of Jaffna city.
Yee Jee Tso (born March 10, 1975 in Hong Kong) is a Canadian actor.
Krupa and Rich is a 1956 studio album by jazz drummers Gene Krupa and Buddy Rich, released on Norman Granz' Clef Records.
Notre-Dame-de-Ham, Quebec is a municipality in Centre-du-Québec, Quebec, Canada.
Nowa Wiśniewka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Kalkuppi is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka, India.
Bill Wilhelm (1929 – December 24, 2010) was an American college baseball coach who was the head coach of the Clemson Tigers from 1958 to 1993.
Unbelievable Adventures of Italians in Russia (, translit. Neveroyatnye Priklyucheniya Italyantsev v Rossii) or A Crazy, Crazy, Crazy Race in Russia () is a 1974 Soviet-Italian comedy film directed by Eldar Ryazanov and Franco Prosperi.
The Cook of Canyon Camp is a lost The Library of Congress/FIAF American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:..The Cook of Canyon Camp 1917 American drama silent film directed by Donald Crisp and written by Donald Crisp and Julia Crawford Ivers.
Hero Nation – Chapter Three is third studio album recorded by the German power metal band Metalium and released in 2002.
The Pretty One is a 2013 comedy drama film directed and written by Jenée LaMarque.
Layes Abdullayeva (Amharic: Abelav Layes Tsige; born 29 May 1991 in Ethiopia) is Ethiopian-born Azerbaijani international middle and long-distance track and field athlete, running in the disciplines of 1500 m, 3000 m and 5000 m, but also 10000 m.
Urumpirai (Tamil: உரும்பிராய், romanized: Urumpirāy) is a town in Northern Jaffna District, Sri Lanka.
Jaguar Love is an American post-punk band formed in Portland, Oregon in 2007.
Sanxia District () is an urban district in the southwestern part of New Taipei, Taiwan.
David Sterritt (born September 11, 1944) is a film critic, author and scholar.
Hempstead High School is a public high school located in the city of Hempstead, Texas, United States and classified as a 3A school by the UIL.
KLYD (98.9 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Snyder, Texas, broadcasting to the Big Spring-Snyder, Texas, area.
Eric Till (born 24 November 1929) is an English film and television director working in Canada, the United States, and Europe since the 1960s.
Mansour Tanhaei (; born March 31, 1986) is an Iranian football player.
Fredrik Lange-Nielsen (13 May 1891 – 16 May 1980) was a Norwegian mathematician and insurance company manager.
Leif Sundell (born February 15, 1958 in Borlänge) is a retired Swedish association football referee.
Harvest Power, Inc. is a privately held organics management company headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts that specializes in converting food waste and yard waste into biofuel, compost, mulch and fertilizer.
""" Whiskey, If You Were a Woman "" is a song written by Mary W. Francis, Johnny MacRae and Bob Morrison, and recorded by American country music band Highway 101."
Five Go to Demon's Rocks is the nineteenth novel in The Famous Five series by Enid Blyton.
Anabad District () is a district (bakhsh) in Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Guápiles Airport (IATA: GPL, ICAO: MRGP) is an airport serving Guápiles, a town in Pococí canton, Limón Province, Costa Rica.
On February 5, 2015, he announced his plans to transfer to the University of Michigan, where he threw for 1146 yards and 4 touchdowns over two years. John O'Korn was born to Gary and Paula O'Korn in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania.
Gilt Groupe is based in New York City with warehouses in Brooklyn, New York, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Louisville, Kentucky. Founder Kevin P. Ryan modeled Gilt after Vente-Privee, an online fashion retailer in France.
John Christian Rapp (May 22, 1928 in Helsinki, Finland & ndash; July 4, 2004) was a professional ice hockey player who played in the SM-sarja.
Alfred Drake (October 7, 1914 – July 25, 1992) was an American actor and singer.
Archduchess Karoline Marie of Austria ( ) (5 September 1869, Altmünster, Upper Austria, Austria–Hungary & ndash; 12 May 1945, Budapest, Hungary ) was a member of the House of Habsburg-Tuscany and Archduchess of Austria, Princess of Tuscany by birth.
Yisroel Yaakov Fisher (1928–2003), was a leading posek, Av Beit Din of the Edah HaChareidis and rabbi of the Zichron Moshe neighbourhood in Jerusalem.
Miłotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Graham Loomes, FBA (born 5 August 1950) is a British economist and academic, specialising in behavioural economics.
Soulful Fruit is the first album by the turntablist, Rob Swift.
The New South Wales Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions (ODPP) is an independent prosecuting service and government agency within the portfolio of the Attorney General of New South Wales.
Laurent Buson (born 10 November 1978), also known as Lohan, is a French actor, martial artist, action choreographer and film producer.
Citizen Swing was an American alternative rock band from Spokane, Washington.
Iroha is an English post-metal band from Birmingham, England, formed by former Final member Andy Swan featuring Jesu bassist Diarmuid Dalton and former Rumblefish and Low Art Thrill member, Dominic Crane.
Al-Yateematain (Arabic: اليتيمتين‎, The Two Orphans) is a 1949 Egyptian drama film written by Abo El Seoud El Ebiary directed by Hassan Al Imam starring Egyptian actress Faten Hamama.
Joe Borri (born June 11, 1962 in Detroit, Michigan) is an artist and writer.
The Mid-North Monitor is a Canadian weekly newspaper, published in Espanola, Ontario.
Nootropics is the second album released by Baltimore indie rock band Lower Dens.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the film score to the 2008 film of the same name, composed and conducted by John Williams.
Jay Jays is an Australian apparel chain store that was founded in 1993, and is owned and operated by the Just Group.
John Postgate (1820–1881) was an English surgeon and academic, a campaigner against food adulteration. The son of a Scarborough builder, Thomas Postgate, by his wife Jane Wade, he was born in Scarborough, on 21 October 1820.
WSHL-FM (91.3 FM) is a non-commercial, educational radio station broadcasting an alternative music format. Licensed to Easton, Massachusetts, United States, the station serves the Greater Brockton-Easton area of Massachusetts, 24/7 in Stereo.
Iván Palazzese (2 January 1962 – 28 May 1989) was an Italian born Venezuelan professional motorcycle racer.
Jim Tilley (born 1950), Canadian-born and a physicist by education, is an American poet who previously worked at senior management levels in the insurance and investment banking businesses.
""" The Dark Man "" is an early poem written by Stephen King when he was in college."
Shim Dong-woon (; born 3 March 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Winger for Pohang Steelers in the K League 1.
Enjoy It While It Lasts is the debut studio album by English indie rock band Spector, released on 13 August 2012.
New Holland is an indie rock band from South Africa.
Judge Rinder is a British arbitration-based reality court show that has been on air on ITV since 11 August 2014.
Oh Land is the second studio album by Danish singer Oh Land, released on 14 March 2011 by Fake Diamond Records, Epic Records, and A:larm Music.
La Guzmán: Primera Fila is a live album released by Alejandra Guzmán on December 3, 2013.
Šilovo () is a village in the municipality of Lebane, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 521 people.
Roy Campanella II (born June 20, 1948) is a television director and producer.
The Truth About Cats & Dogs is the soundtrack from the 1996 film The Truth About Cats & Dogs, released by A&M Records in 1996.
Carlton Sports Network (CSN), was a Sri Lankan sports, lifestyles and business television channel.
Chris Clark (born 9 June 1984) is an English former footballer. Clark was born in Shoreham-by-Sea and joined Portsmouth in 2000.
George Michael (born Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou; 25 June 1963 – 25 December 2016) was an English singer, songwriter, record producer, and philanthropist who rose to fame as a member of the music duo Wham! and later embarked on a solo career.
Cantar es lo que soy (English: Singing is who I am) is the second soundtrack album of the TV series Violetta.
21st Century Breakdown is the eighth studio album by American rock band Green Day, released on May 15, 2009 through Reprise Records.
Louisiana State University John Michael Guidry (born January 19, 1962) is an African-American Democratic judge of the Louisiana Court of Appeal for the First Circuit, Second District, based in the capital city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA.
Reflections is a 2005 short silent film written, produced and directed by Bejoy Nambiar, starring Mohanlal, Juhi Babbar, and Vidula Bhave.
Kangrussaare is a village in Põhja-Sakala Parish, Viljandi County, in central Estonia.
Richard Wagner (born 10 April 1952) is a Romanian-born German novelist.
Mean Dog Blues is a 1978 American drama film directed by Mel Stuart.
Willis is the third album by the ska/soul band The Pietasters.
Myolie Wu Hang-yee (born 6 November 1979), is a Hong Kong actress and singer.
İsmail Hakan Demirel (born 7 May 1986) is a Turkish professional basketball player for İstanbul BB of the Turkish Basketball Super League (BSL).
Olga Arefieva (Arefeva) (born 1966 in Verkhnyaya Salda ) is a Russian singer-songwriter, poet and musician.
Coordinates: 50°50′02″N 0°10′30″W﻿ / ﻿50.834°N 0.175°W﻿ / 50.834; -0.175 Hove is a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by Labour's Peter Kyle.
The 1979–80 Copa del Rey was the 78th staging of the Spanish Cup, the annual domestic cup competition in the Spanish football. The tournament was attended by 226 teams from the main categories of Spanish football.
Ruri no Kishi (流離の岸) is a 1956 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo.
Elisabeth Holm is an American film producer and screenwriter.
S&M: Short and Male is a 2008 Canadian documentary directed by Howard Goldberg which examines the obstacles that short statured men face every day in life, love and work.
Dharamvir Singh (; born 5 August 1990) represented India in Men's Hockey during the 2012 London Olympics. http://www.london2012.com/athlete/singh-dharamvir-1020849/ He was part of the Indian team that won the silver medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Loco Boy Makes Good is a 1942 short subject directed by Jules White starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Curly Howard).
James Burgoyne (born 21 February 1980) is a former English cricketer. He was born at Wordsley, Worcestershire.
Mylakkadu is a small suburban village and junction in the Kollam district of the Kerala state in India.
Lee Yoon-sang (Korean: 이윤상; born May 11, 1968), known professionally as Yoon Sang, is a South Korean composer, record producer, singer and songwriter.
A Lesson in History (Russian: Урок истории, Bulgarian: Урокът на историята) is a 1957 joint Soviet–Bulgarian biographical film directed by Lev Arnshtam and Hristo Piskov about Georgi Dimitrov and the Leipzig Trial.
Vanguard Visionaries is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson, released in 2007.
Hayley Taylor is an American singer-songwriter and actress whose songs have been featured on many popular television shows, including How I Met Your Mother, Royal Pains, and Pretty Little Liars.
Jacek Ziober (born November 18, 1965 in Łódź) is a Polish former football player. In years 1989-1993 he was a key player of Poland national football team.
Martha Dodd was born in Ashland, Virginia. She studied at the University of Chicago and also for a time in Washington, D.C. and Paris.
Ángel Víctor Paz Estenssoro (2 October 1907 – 7 June 2001) was a Bolivian politician who served as President of Bolivia from 1952 to 1956, 1960 to 1964 and 1985 to 1989.
Scarlet Ortiz (born Hevis Scarlet Ortiz Pacheco in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan actress known for her role in telenovelas.
ACODA are a four-piece alternative metal band from Corby, Northamptonshire, United Kingdom. Formed in 2008, the band consists of vocalist/guitarist Damon Tang, bassist/vocalist Stephen Crook, guitarist/vocalist Jake Crawford and drummer/vocalist Jay Russell.
Annie Korzen is an American actress, comedian and writer. She is married to Danish film producer Benni Korzen (Babette's Feast).
Ed Dueim Airport is an airport serving the city of Ed Dueim, in the White Nile state of Sudan.
Gloria Laycock was the founding Director of the Jill Dando Institute of Crime Science at University College London (UCL), and ran UCL's Centre for Security & Crime Science.
Hauling () is a 2010 Brazilian documentary film directed by Sean Walsh about poor families who work as recyclers in São Paulo.
Braddocks Hay is a village in Staffordshire, England.
"David Avidan (Hebrew: דוד אבידן) (February 21, 1934 – May 11, 1995) was an Israeli ""poet, painter, filmmaker, publicist, and playwright"" (as he often put it)."
Mount Vernon High School (MVHS) is a public high school in the Chester Heights section of the City of Mount Vernon in Westchester County, New York, United States.
Heads Up! is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.
The UEFA Euro 1992 Final was played between Denmark and Germany on 26 June 1992 at Ullevi in Gothenburg, Sweden, to determine the winner of UEFA Euro 1992.
Mohammad Bagher Kharazi (born 26 June 1961) is an Iranian cleric and a candidate for the presidential elections held in June 2013.
Evgeni Ignatov (Bulgarian: Евгени Игнатов) (born 4 June 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Kariana Erden.
"KMOO-FM (99.9 FM, "" K-Moo "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Mineola, Texas, United States, the station serves the Tyler-Longview area."
"""Living for the Night"" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer George Strait."
Efuru is a novel by Flora Nwapa which was published in 1966 as number 26 in Heinemann's African Writers Series, making it the first book written by a Nigerian woman to be published.
Qardaşkənd (also, Kardashkend) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 310.
Kent Stotz is an American motorcycle racer and founder of the Stotz Racing motorcycle team.
Torchy Blane in Panama is a 1938 American mystery film directed by William Clemens and starring Lola Lane, Paul Kelly, and Tom Kennedy.
Daniel Mazziotta (born September 20, 1988) is an American professional golfer who plays on PGA Tour Latinoamérica. Mazziotta had a successful college career at Florida Gulf Coast University.
The Link is a BBC game show that aired on BBC One from 5 May 2014 to 17 July 2015 and was hosted by Mark Williams.
XHUQ-FM is a radio station on 101.9 FM in Zihuatanejo, Guerrero.
Christian Stockfleth (1639 – 31 March 1704) was a Norwegian civil servant and diplomat.
John Michael Miller, CSB (born July 9, 1946) is a Canadian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
"Die Zeit (German pronunciation: [diː ˈtsaɪt], literally ""The Time"") is a German national weekly newspaper published in Hamburg in Germany."
Otto Osen (4 July 1882 & ndash; 3 November 1950) was a Norwegian long-distance runner.
Bloodlust is a 1992 Australian vampire film directed by Jon Hewitt and Richard Wolstencroft and starring Big Bad Ralph and Kelly Chapman.
New is a 2004 Indian Tamil-language comedy-fantasy film directed, written and produced by S.
Epping St John's, formerly known as St John's Church of England Voluntary Controlled School, is a school in Epping, Essex.
"KBEA-FM (99.7 FM, ""B100"") is a radio station licensed to Muscatine, Iowa, whose format is Top 40 (CHR)."
Answer to No One: The Colt Ford Classics is the first compilation album of country rap American musician Colt Ford.
The Party of Democratic Action of Sandžak (Serbian Cyrillic: Странка Демократске Акције Санџака, Bosnian: Stranka demokratske akcije Sandžaka) is a political party that represents the Bosniak ethnic minority concentrated in Serbia, in Sandžak region.
Kor Daraq (; also known as Gardaraq, Kar Darreh, Kordarreh, and Kyar-Dara) is a village in Guzal Darreh Rural District, Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.
Grotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"Ann Elizabeth Haddon ""Nancy"" Heath Bell (May 26, 1924 – November 29, 1989) was a Canadian Senator."
Urshult (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈʉ̌ːʂhɵlt]) is a locality situated in Tingsryd Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden with 794 inhabitants in 2010.
Jin Mengqing (金梦青, born 29 May 1995) is a Chinese handball player for Jiangsu Handball and the Chinese national team.
The Big Fish is a printed ceramic mosaic sculpture by John Kindness.
Tenero-Contra is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Lokomotivny () is a closed urban locality (a work settlement) in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located southwest from Chelyabinsk.
Tenkinsky District (Russian: Теньки́нский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion), one of the eight in Magadan Oblast, Russia.
Tadao Nakamura (born 2 January 1947) is a Japanese professional golfer.
Robert Sheaffer (born 1949) is an American freelance writer and UFO skeptic.
Jungle Ka Jawahar (Hero of the Forest) is a 1953 Hindi action adventure film directed by Homi Wadia and produced by Basant Pictures.
Sámuel Mikoviny (Hungarian: Mikoviny Sámuel, Slovak: Samuel Mikovíni ? – 23 March 1750) was a mathematician, engineer, cartographer, and professor.
Cylch-y-Garn is a community in the Welsh county of Anglesey, in Wales, located on the north west coast of the county, 9.0 miles (14.5 km) west of Amlwch, 12.5 miles (20.1 km) north east of Holyhead and 15.0 miles (24.1 km) north west of Llangefni.
Horonu (also, Orony) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 519.
Det Nødvendige Seminarium (DNS) (English: The Necessary Teacher Training College) is a non-profit organization located in Denmark.
Oliver VII is a novel by Antal Szerb.
Coldness is the second album by power metal band Kotipelto, released in 2004 while Stratovarius was in hiatus.
Adrian Baker (born 18 January 1951, London) is an English singer, songwriter, and record producer.
Khaled Al-Hazaa is an Arab football Midfielder who played for Saudi Arabia in the 1992 Asian Cup.
Then Again... is a studio album by Australian singer John Farnham.
Kenny George played for the UNC Asheville Bulldogs from 2006 to 2008. Kenny George is from Chicago, Illinois.
54 Seconds were an American rock band from Austin, Texas. Consisting of Spencer Gibb on vocals and guitar, J. J. Johnson on drums and vocals, Stewart Cochran on piano, synthesizer, keyboard and vocals and Glenn McGregor on bass.
Miguel Ángel Martínez-González (born in 1957 in Málaga, Spain) is a Spanish medical doctor, epidemiologist, professor, and nutrition researcher He has been often a visiting scholar at Harvard T.H.
David Richardson (born 20 March 1987 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian television actor.
Fey: Primera Fila is the acoustic album by Mexican pop singer Fey.
The Little Mermaid won two Academy Awards for Best Original Score as well as Best Song for Alan Menken and Howard Ashman's Under the Sea, sung by Samuel E. Wright in a memorable scene.
The Portland Loggers were a professional American football team based in Portland, Oregon.
Isaiah Bowman, AB, Ph. D. (December 26, 1878, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada – January 6, 1950, Baltimore, United States) was an American geographer and President of the Johns Hopkins University, 1935-1948.
Hugo Nicolson is a record producer and engineer who has worked on records for artists including Primal Scream, Embrace, David Holmes, Shack, Julian Cope, and his sister, Claire Nicolson (musician) who also performs under the pseudonym 'Tiger Onezie'.
Giovanni Battista De Pace, C.O. (5 June, 1627 – 20 November, 1698) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Capaccio (1684–1698).
David N. Donihue (David Nelson Donihue, b. April 25, 1974) is an American writer, director and actor.
The Car is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Rajasenan, and starring Jayaram, Janardhanan, Kalabhavan Mani, and Sreelakshmi.
12 Golden Ducks (simplified Chinese: 12金鸭; traditional Chinese: 12金鴨) is a 2015 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Matt Chow and starring Sandra Ng.
Children Are the Victims of Adult Vices is a group of bronze sculptures created by Russian artist Mihail Chemiakin.
Abaeté Linhas Aéreas S/A was a domestic airline based in Lauro de Freitas, near Salvador da Bahia, Brazil founded in 1994.
Mercury Pookkal () is a 2006 Tamil romantic drama film, directed by S.
Broomhaugh and Riding is a civil parish in Northumberland, England.
Alfréd Deésy (22 September 1877 & ndash; 18 July 1961) was a Hungarian film director, screenwriter and actor.
"How to Steal a Dog (; lit. "" The Perfect Way to Steal a Dog "" ) is a 2014 South Korean film directed by Kim Sung-ho, based on the novel of the same name by Barbara O'Connor."
Hockey Club de Reims was an ice hockey team in Reims, France.
Glenn Kenny is an American film critic and journalist.
Survitec Group is a British manufacturer of personal survival equipment for usage after ejecting from aircraft or when at sea. Reginald Foster Dagnall formed RFD in 1920 in Surrey.
Little Corellas flying at Mary River National Park The Mary River flows in the Northern Territory of Australia and is a site of the Mary River National Park.
The Song of the Sun () is a 1933 Italian-German comedy film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Vittorio De Sica.
John Moore (born 23 December 1964) is a British musician, best known for his work as the drummer in The Jesus and Mary Chain and as a member of Black Box Recorder.
Queen Margaret College was a women-only higher education institution based in North Park House in Glasgow, Scotland.
Abastumani (Georgian: აბასთუმანი) is a small town (daba) and climatic spa in Adigeni Municipality, Samtskhe-Javakheti, Georgia.
Our Country's Good is a 1988 play written by British playwright, Timberlake Wertenbaker, adapted from the Thomas Keneally novel The Playmaker.
Andaz (English: Style) is a 1971 Indian Bollywood romantic drama film, directed by Ramesh Sippy, and written by Salim-Javed, Gulzar and Sachin Bhowmick.
Luca Guastini (born March 9, 1982 in Livorno, Italy) is an Italian actor.
David Ambler (born 15 September 1989) is a New Zealand sprinter.
Birrhard is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Skyport Airport is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Cornelius, a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States.
Mykola Katerynchuk Bloc () was a local electoral bloc of parties in the capital of Ukraine, Kiev.
Burj Ali Maodah (born March 1, 1983) is a Saudi Arabian football player .
Majlis Wahdat-e-Muslimeen Pakistan (MWM) () is a Pakistani Shiite political organization.
Mampazhakkalam () is a 2004 Indian Malayalam-language family drama film directed by Joshiy, written by T. A. Shahid and produced by M. Mani.
Maryjun Takahashi (高橋 メアリージュン, Takahashi Mearījun, born November 8, 1987) is a Japanese actress and model of Japanese and Filipino ethnicity who has appeared in CanCam magazine and various television commercials.
Khan Abad is a town and the district center of Khan Abad District, Kunduz Province, Afghanistan.
Kuyiline Thedi is a 1983 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by M. The film stars Rohini, Master Raghu, Sukumari and Mohanlal in the lead roles.
WYGH (1440 AM) is a radio station licensed to Paris, Kentucky, United States, serving the Lexington area.
Arvesta Kelly (born November 20, 1945) is an American former professional basketball player.
Krisztián Tóth (born 1 May 1994) is a Hungarian judoka.
Mad Thad is a Hardbop jazz album by Thad Jones recorded in 1957 for Period Records.
Łukasz Jankowski (born 7 December 1982, in Leszno, Poland) Świat Żużla, No 1 (73) / 2008, page 32-33, is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who rode for the Poole Pirates in the British Elite League.
Mohed Altrad is a French-Syrian billionaire businessman, rugby chairman and writer, born c. March 1948.
Lendavske Gorice (pronounced [ˈleːndau̯skɛ ɡɔˈɾiːtsɛ]; Hungarian: Lendvahegy) is a settlement in the hills immediately east of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.
Prien am Chiemsee (official: Prien a.Chiemsee, High German [priːn], Bavarian (local) dialect [breˑɐ̯̃n]) is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Rosenheim in Germany.
Byomakesh Mohanty (17 November 1957, Cuttack, Orissa, India – 14 June 2010) was an Indian artist and academic.
Dan Boyle (born 14 August 1962) is an Irish Green Party politician who served as Deputy Leader of Seanad Éireann from 2007 to 2011.
Máté Burkus (born 14 April 1990) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Szombathelyi Haladás.
Belgian Revenge (French:La revanche belge) is a 1922 Belgian silent film directed by Théo Bergerat and starring Fernand Crommelynck.
Pingali Lakshmikantam (10 January 1894 in Arthamuru, Krishna district, British India – 1972) was an Indian poet and writer.
Desire () is a 1958 Czechoslovak film directed by Vojtěch Jasný.
Chenachène (also written Chenachane ) is an isolated village in the commune of Tindouf, in Tindouf Province, Algeria.
Wendy Holden (born 1961), also known as Taylor Holden, is an author and journalist who has written more than thirty books. She was born in Pinner, North London and now lives in Suffolk, England.
The Gigolo () is a 2015 Hong Kong erotic drama film directed and written by Au Cheuk-man and starring Dominic Ho, Candy Yuen, Jeana Ho, Hazel Tong and Winnie Leung.
CHYQ-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at FM 97.1 in West Nipissing, Ontario.
Jacob Ralph Abarbanell (December 6, 1852 – November 9, 1922) was an American lawyer, author, and playwright from New York City.
Karim Hendou, also known as Karim Khendu, (Arabic: كريم هندو‎, Ukrainian: Карім Хенду) (born May 27, 1986 in Algiers) is an Algerian footballer who plays for ASM Oran.
Ngô Xuân Diệu (February 2, 1916 – December 18, 1985) more commonly known by the pen name Xuân Diệu, was a prominent Vietnamese poet.
"Loving You a Thousand Times (Korean: 천만번 사랑해; RR: Cheonmanbeon Saranghae; lit. ""I Love You Ten Million Times"") is a South Korean television drama starring Lee Soo-kyung, Jung Gyu-woon, Go Eun-mi, Ryu Jin and Lee Si-young."
Línea Aérea de Entre Ríos (English: Entre Ríos Airline) was an airline based in Paraná, Entre Ríos, Argentina.
Douglas James Smith (29 May 1873 – 16 August 1949) was an English first-class cricketer and umpire.
Wyry [ˈvɨrɨ] (German: Wyrow) is a village in Mikołów County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Charles Tolliver (born March 6, 1942) is an American jazz trumpeter and composer whose landmark Strata-East quartet recordings added to the improvisational and compositional language of trumpet quartet jazz.
The Federalist Party was the first political party in the United States. Under Alexander Hamilton, it dominated the national government from 1789 to 1801.
Bismarck is a 1914 German silent historical film directed by Richard Schott, Gustav Trautschold and William Wauer and starring Franz Ludwig.
Le Jingyi (simplified Chinese: 乐靖宜; traditional Chinese: 樂靖宜; pinyin: Lè Jìngyí; born March 19, 1975 in Shanghai) is a former swimmer from China who won the gold medal in the 100 metres freestyle at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, USA.
"WIDA (1400 AM, "" Vida AM "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Carolina, Puerto Rico."
Supercondriaque (also known as Superchondriac) is a 2014 French comedy film written and directed by Dany Boon.
Total Pop! The First 40 Hits is a greatest hits collection from Erasure, released on 23 February 2009 by Mute Records.
Higo Seara Santos de Oliveira, commonly known simply as Higo (born 1 May 1986) is a Brazilian football midfielder. In 2003, he signed with A.C. ChievoVerona and he debuted in the Serie A being only 17.
Mussarat Ahmed Zeb () is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, from June 2013 to May 2018.
"""Keep Coming Back"" is a 1991 R&B-oriented hit song by American singer and songwriter Richard Marx."
Please Murder Me is a 1956 American film noir film directed by Peter Godfrey, and starring Angela Lansbury and Raymond Burr.
Aindrita Ray is an Indian film actress, primarily appearing in Kannada films.
George Abbot School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status in Burpham, north-east of the town centre of Guildford providing a comprehensive education, for around 2,000 young people, aged 11–18.
Alexandre Rodrigues Ferreira (April 27, 1756 – April 23, 1815) was a naturalist born in the Portuguese colony of Brazil.
Sylvia Hoeks (; born 1 June 1983) is a Dutch actress and former model best known internationally for her roles in Blade Runner 2049 (2017) and The Girl in the Spider's Web (2018).
""" Extracts from Adam's Diary: Translated from the Original Ms. "" is a comic short story by the American humorist and writer Mark Twain."
Tangiers are a Canadian indie rock band based in Toronto, Ontario. In 2003, Tangiers included Marco Montez, Yuri Didrichsons, Josh Reichmann (vocals/guitars) and James Sayce (vocals/guitars).
Saaya is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by Keshu Ramsay and produced by Naval Kumar.
Broken Lives was written by Estelle Blackburn between 1992 and 1998.
The Gulflander is an passenger train operated by Queensland Rail on the isolated Normanton to Croydon line in the Gulf Country of northern Queensland, Australia.
Tamás Koltai (born 30 April 1987) is a Hungarian football player who plays for Gyirmót FC Győr.
Clementi Town Secondary School (CTSS) is a government secondary school located in Clementi, Singapore, founded in the 1980s.
Duo is a 1934 novel by the French writer Colette.
In 1971, Motorola demonstrated the first hand-held portable telephone.
The Black Sheep (French: Le Mouton noir) is a Quebec documentary produced in 1992 by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). Jacques Godbout directed and starred in the film.
Jowyiviyeh (, also Romanized as Jowyīvīyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Srednekolymsk Airport (IATA: SEK) is an airport serving the urban locality of Srednekolymsk, Srednekolymsky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.
Su-ki-da is a 2005 Japanese romantic drama film.
Dendouga is a village in the commune of El M'Ghair, in El M'Ghair District, El Oued Province, Algeria.
Magallanes is a 2014 Peruvian drama film directed by Salvador del Solar.
Vurpăr (; ) is a commune located in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania. In 2002, it had 2359 inhabitants, of whom 1298 Romanians, 1010 Romani, 50 Germans and 1 other.
Robyn Nesbitt (born 1984) is a South African artist currently living and working in Johannesburg.
"He is the child of Francis Magalona and Pia Magalona. 'Elmo Magalona says he dedicates every performance to his late dad Francis M. "" , pep.ph."
Rain or Shine is a 1930 American pre-Code film directed by Frank Capra and starring Joe Cook and Louise Fazenda.
Salomé – The Seventh Veil is the fourth studio album by the German Symphonic metal band Xandria, released on May 25, 2007 through Drakkar Entertainment label.
View towards Tresevern Tresevern Croft is a hamlet west of Stithians, in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Łukasz Trałka (born May 11, 1984 in Rzeszów) is a Polish football player who plays as a midfielder for Warta Poznań. He played for Lech Poznań for 7 seasons from 2012–13 until 2018–19.
Chimps: So Like Us is a 1990 American short documentary film directed by Kirk Simon and Karen Goodman.
Lugton is a small village or hamlet in East Ayrshire, Scotland with a population of 80 people.
Bonkal (Persian: بن كل‎) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Popšica is a village in the municipality of Svrljig, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 155 people.
Mladen Milovanović (c. 1760 in Botunje near Kragujevac – 1823 in Zlatibor) was a Serbian merchant, voivode in the First Serbian Uprising and politician.
Car-Man () is a Russian technopop band.
The Aunt's Story is the third published novel by the Australian novelist and 1973 Nobel Prize-winner, Patrick White.
"Ampology is a two disc compilation album by Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus, spanning their entire career from their first single, "" Leilani "" (October 1982) through to "" Real Deal "" (1997)."
First Album Live is a live version of the self-titled first album by They Might Be Giants.
Zarli Carigiet (5 August 1907 &ndash; 6 May 1981) was a Swiss actor and comedian. He was the younger brother of the artist and illustrator Alois Carigiet.
Holy Blood is a folk metal band from Kiev, Ukraine, formed in 1999.
Rob Me Blind is the third studio album of independent singer songwriter Jay Brannan after his albums Goddamned in 2008 and In Living Cover in 2009.
State Street Sweet is an album by the Gerald Wilson Orchestra recorded in 1994 and released on the MAMA label.
Empreguetes is a group appearing in the Brazilian telenovela Cheias de Charme. It is formed by Penha (Taís Araújo), Rosário (Leandra Leal) and Cida (Isabelle Drummond).
Bill Cracks Down is a 1937 American action romantic drama film directed by William Nigh.
Group Home is a hip hop duo, composed of members Lil' Dap (birth name James Heath) and Melachi the Nutcracker (birth name Jamal Felder).
Reverend Jim Whittington (born February 16, 1941 in Dillon, South Carolina) is an American televangelist ordained minister, preacher missionary and faith healer.
Xavier High School is an independent Jesuit university-preparatory high school for boys located at 30 West 16th Street, in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
GoldSim is dynamic, probabilistic simulation software developed by GoldSim Technology Group.
Tom Payne (4 October 1914 – 15 September 1996) was a Brazilian film director, screenwriter and actor, known for The Landowner's Daughter (1955), Payne and Hilliard (1931) and Curucu, Beast of the Amazon (1956).
""" Bad as Me "" is a song by American rock musician Tom Waits, written collectively by Waits and his wife Kathleen Brennan."
Benton Municipal Airport (FAA LID: H96) is a city-owned public-use airport located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) west of the central business district of Benton, a city in Franklin County, Illinois, United States.
Home for Christmas is the thirtieth solo studio album by Dolly Parton.
Kehshur Asgar Babai (, also Romanized as Kehshūr ʿAsgar Bābā'ī) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
""" Dirty Little Thing "" is a hard rock song by the supergroup Velvet Revolver, released as the fourth single off the band's debut album Contraband."
Basanti Devi (23 March 1880 – 7 May 1974) was an Indian independence activist during the British rule in India.
Trzebiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Święciechowa, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Ko Chang-seok (born October 13, 1970) is a South Korean actor.
Road to Life (Russian: Путёвка в жизнь, romanized: Putyovka v zhizn) is a 1931 Soviet drama film written and directed by Nikolai Ekk.
Joseph Fan Zhongliang S.J. (; 18 December 1918 – 16 March 2014), also known as Josephus Vei Zong Leong, was a Chinese Roman Catholic bishop in the Diocese of Shanghai in China.
Colors of the Blind is a 1997 Chinese drama film directed and co-produced by Chen Guoxing, starring Tao Hong as a blind girl training to become a competitive sprinter.
Ściegny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podgórzyn, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
""" I'm Gonna Love You Through It "" is a song written by Ben Hayslip, Sonya Isaacs and Jimmy Yeary and recorded by American country music artist Martina McBride."
Anter Planter (also Anter-Planter) is an action game designed by Marcus Charleville and Richard Dagsköld, and published by Romik Software in 1984.
The Delaneys Falls, also named Preston Falls, is a plunge waterfall on Preston Creek.
Alessandro Pace (born May 20, 1977), better known by his stage name Alex Vega, is an Italian musician and part-time DJ.
Cotton Queen, also known as Crying Out Loud, is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Bernard Vorhaus, and starring Stanley Holloway, Will Fyffe, and Mary Lawson.
Market Harborough is a market town within the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England.
Marko Zečević (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Зечевић; born 6 August 1990) is a Serbian football forward. Born in Novi Sad, Zečević was a member of FK Novi Sad from 2008 to 2013, and made 20 Serbian First League appearances.
Pikoo is a 1980 Bengali short film directed by Satyajit Ray for a French television channel, France 3.
Bernard Jourdain (born August 16, 1950 in Brussels) is a Belgian born Mexican racing driver.
Queen of the Tabarin Club ( / ) is a 1960 French-Spanish comedy film directed by Jesús Franco and starring Mikaela, Yves Massard and Dora Doll.
WVEL (1140 AM) is a daytimer radio station with a city of license of Pekin, Illinois, United States, and serving the Peoria, Illinois, area.
Steel Magnolia was an American country music duo that won season two of the television talent show Can You Duet.
Ajoy Kar (27 March 1914 & ndash; 25 January 1985) was an Indian cinematographer and film director.
The Modern School ECNCR is a co-educational independent day and boarding school in Barakhamba Road, New Delhi, India, it was founded in 1920 by Lala Raghubir Singh, a Delhi-based philanthropist.
Bill Pocock played locally for Bedminster St Francis before joining the Army.
Tazian Rural District (Persian: دهستان تازيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Norodom Vichara (Khmer: នរោត្តម វេជ្ជរ៉ា, 17 August 1946 – July 28, 2013) was a Cambodian princess and politician. She was a daughter of King Norodom Suramarit and a half-sister of King Norodom Sihanouk.
Zoey Van Goey were an indie pop band from Glasgow, Scotland, made up of Matt Brennan, Michael John McCarthy, Kim Moore and Adam Scott.
Yakshi is a 1968 Malayalam horror psychological thriller film, directed by K.
Amphibian Airplanes of Canada (AAC) is a developer and marketer of light amphibious aircraft based in Squamish, British Columbia. AAC was established by Hans Schaer in Squamish, British Columbia in 1998 to develop a light amphibious aircraft to be marketed for homebuilding.
Aktapuss is the second LP released by emcee Akinyele. The album served as the soundtrack of the film of the same name and was modest success, peaking at #64 on the Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums and #33 on the Top Heatseekers.
Ludynia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Surnujärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Paatsjoki main catchment area.
Sushil Kumar Saxena is an Indian musicologist, academic, scholar and the author of several books on music, philosophy and aesthetics.
The Crooked Road is a 1911 silent short film directed by D.
""" There Goes Our Love Again "" is a song by English Indie rock band White Lies from their third studio album, Big TV."
The Green Marker Scare is a 2012 horror film from the Irish director Graham Jones which is animated by children.
Hooked! is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Lucy Woodward.
Tien Hung-mao (Chinese: 田弘茂; pinyin: Tián Hóngmào; born 7 November 1938) is a Taiwanese politician.
Witold Sobków (born 17 February 1961 in Warsaw) is a Polish scholar, public servant, diplomat, and former deputy foreign minister.
He was married to Eileen Mary Walsh from 1951 until his death. Lionel Jeffries' granddaughter is the novelist and playwright Amy Mason.
Adult Beginners is a 2014 American comedy drama film directed by Ross Katz and written by Jeff Cox and Liz Flahive based on a story by Nick Kroll.
K. Raman was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
Su Zhe (; 1039–1112), or Su Che in Taiwanese Mandarin, was a politician and essayist from Meishan, in modern Sichuan Province, China.
Black Country Communion 2 (also known simply as 2) is the second studio album by English-American hard rock band Black Country Communion.
1st of the Month Vol. 3 is the third EP by American rapper Cam'ron. The EP was released on September 1, 2014, by Killa Entertainment.
The 1990 Football League Second Division play-off Final was contested by Sunderland and Swindon Town at Wembley Stadium, London.
Like a Prayer is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Madonna, released on March 21, 1989 by Sire Records.
Lucien Goethals (26 June 1931 – 12 December 2006) was a Belgian composer. Lucien Goethals was born in Ghent, but spent his formative years in Argentina, where he studied at the Dima Conservatory of Buenos Aires.
Trumps of Doom is a fantasy novel by American writer Roger Zelazny, the first book in the second Chronicles of Amber series and the sixth book in the Amber series.
Law & Order is an American police procedural and legal drama television series created by Dick Wolf, launching the Law & Order franchise.
KGLB (1310 AM) is a radio station licensed to Glencoe, Minnesota.
Aija District is one of 5 districts in Aija Province, Ancash Region, Peru.
Ali Salim Obaid Bait Al-Nahar (; born 21 August 1992), commonly known as Ali Salim Al-Nahar, is an Omani footballer who plays for Dhofar S.C.S.C.
The Mute of Portici (German: Die Stumme von Portici) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Arthur Günsburg.
Vaishnavi Mahant is an Indian film and TV actress who is best known for playing Geeta Biswas in Mukesh Khanna's television series Shaktimaan, telecasted on Doordarshan.
Rafael Pardo Rueda (born 26 November 1953) is a Colombian politician.
""" Kind of Like It's Love "" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Jason McCoy."
Billy Ze Kick is a 1985 French film directed by Gérard Mordillat.
Annabelle's Affairs is a 1931 American pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring Victor McLaglen, Jeanette MacDonald and Roland Young.
Joseph Ashbrook (April 4, 1918 – August 4, 1980) was an American astronomer. Ashbrook was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Con un mismo corazón (English With the same heart) is the 13th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel.
Sabrina Dhawan is an Indian screenwriter and producer, born in England and raised in Delhi, India.
Gilbert Basset (died 1241) was an English baronial leader during the reign of King Henry III. Basset was the eldest son of Alan Basset, baron of Wycombe.
The National Institute of Statistics (Portuguese: Instituto Nacional de Estatística, INE) is an agency belonging to the Government of Mozambique and the principal agency for the collection of statistics in the country.
Main entrance of the university North Orissa University is a public university in the regional city of Baripada in the state of Odisha, India.
Saintly (21 September 1992 – 16 December 2016) was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who was named Australia's champion racehorse in 1997.
Academy Award Performance: And the Envelope, Please is Maureen McGovern's third studio album, released in 1975.
El tesoro de la isla Maciel (The Treasure of Maciel Island) is a 1941 Argentine comedy film directed by Manuel Romero.
Paul Cadmus (December 17, 1904 – December 12, 1999) was an American artist widely known for his egg tempera paintings of gritty social interactions in urban settings.
The HTC One V is a smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC as part of the HTC One series which runs Android 4.0.3 with an HTC Sense 4.0 overlay.
Growing Up is the first Korean-language studio album by South Korean singer-songwriter IU.
"""Raymond"" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brett Eldredge."
Lambells Lagoon is an outer suburban area in Darwin.
Monte Quemado Airport (, ) is a public use airport north of Monte Quemado, a town in the Santiago del Estero Province of Argentina.
Daniel B. Clark (April 28, 1890 – November 14, 1961) was an American cinematographer.
Poniaty Wielkie [pɔˈɲatɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Thota Narasimham is an Indian politician and a member of parliament from Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh.
The Wicked Lady is a 1945 costume drama film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Margaret Lockwood in the title role as a nobleman's wife who becomes a highwayman for the excitement.
Bryan Defares (born 14 June 1981) is a Dutch former basketball player.
Hurricane Paul was a hurricane that ultimately struck Mexico as a tropical depression in October 2006.
Mix-Up is the debut studio album by English band Cabaret Voltaire.
Paradox Lost is a BBC Books original novel written by George Mann and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Leandro dos Santos Branco (born 2 June 1983 in Lages, Santa Catarina) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Águia Negra.
Broken Shadows is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman recorded in 1971, at the same sessions that produced Science Fiction, but not released on the Columbia label until 1982.
The Sam Edwards Medal and Prize is named in his honour. Edwards was born on 1 February 1928 in Swansea, Wales, the son of Richard and Mary Jane Edwards.
Black River is an unincorporated community located in the town of Superior, Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States. Media related to Black River, Wisconsin at Wikimedia Commons.
Elizabeth Kimball de Albuquerque Poor is a Brazilian artist working in Rio de Janeiro and London. Kim Poor first exhibited at the age of 12 at a large mixed show in Rio de Janeiro amongst other Brazilian artists such as Scliar and Bianco.
Ludwig Andreas Buchner (23 July 1813, Munich – 23 October 1897, Munich) was a German pharmacologist.
Stefan Schwarzmann (born 11 November 1965) is a German drummer who has recorded for Accept, U.D.O., Running Wild, X-Wild, Krokus and Helloween.
Arie Vardi (Hebrew: אריה ורדי‎; born 1937) is a classical pianist, conductor and piano pedagogue.
David Six (born 14 August 1985) is a pianist, composer and multi-instrumentalist from Austria.
The highest peak is the active volcano Mount Fuji at 3,776 m (12,388 ft), which makes Honshu the world's 7th highest island.
Glinda of Oz is the fourteenth Land of Oz book written by children's author L.
Manhattan Chase is an action-adventure video game video game released in 2005 for Microsoft Windows.
Holy Week () is a 1995 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda.
It Takes Two is a 1982 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Karl Maka and starring Dean Shek and Richard Ng.
Blue Lake Crater (also known as Blue Lake Maar) is a maar, or a broad, low-relief volcanic crater, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Morgan Kaufmann Publishers is a Burlington, Massachusetts (San Francisco, California until 2008) based publisher specializing in computer science and engineering content.
Hafta Bandh (Week off) is a 1991 film directed and produced by Harish Bhosle and produced by Deepak Balraj Vij.
Vujinovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Вујиновићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
John Ramsay (13 March 1877 – 19 January 1962) was a Scottish magician.
Nowy Garbów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡarbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Nosarzewo Polne [nɔsaˈʐɛvɔ ˈpɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Arc Iris is an American indie rock band from Providence, Rhode Island, United States, that began in 2012 as a solo project of Jocie Adams, formerly a member of The Low Anthem.
Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock (initially referred to as Guitar Hero 6 or Guitar Hero VI) is a music video game developed by Neversoft and published by Activision.
The Plympton Formation is a geologic formation in Utah.
Chithara is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India. India census, Chithara had a population of 20694 with 9727 males and 10967 females.
Královec, until 1946 (German: Königshan) is a small village in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic, on border with Poland.
Chinique, from the Kʼicheʼ language «chinic´aj taka´aj», is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of El Quiché.
The ELA Aviation ELA 10 Eclipse is a two place enclosed autogyro, designed and built by ELA Aviación of Córdoba, Andalusia, introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen airshow in 2014.
Margaret DePriest (born April 19, 1931) is a retired American actress and daytime serial writer.
Eagle award Jet Starkings Richard Starkings (born 27 January 1962) is a British font designer and comic book letterer, editor and writer.
Alfred Einstein (December 30, 1880 – February 13, 1952) was a German-American musicologist and music editor.
Kevin Cawley (born 17 March 1989) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Alloa Athletic.
A Gamble with Hearts is a 1923 British silent crime film produced by Master Films, directed by Edwin J. Collins and starring Milton Rosmer, Madge Stuart, and Olaf Hytten.
Tahira Asif (Urdu: طاہرہ آصف‎) was a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2013 until her assassination in June 2014.
Saint Ronan's Well is a novel by Sir Walter Scott.
Tobin Frank is a Canadian musician, who records, performs and tours with the bands Spirit of the West and The Paperboys.
Drown is the semi-autobiographical, debut short story collection from Dominican-American author Junot Díaz that address the trials of Dominican immigrants as they attempt to find some semblance of the American Dream after immigrating to America.
Navtej Singh Rehal (/ˈræhəl/), popularly known as Naf, is the lead singer of the Indo-Danish music band named Bombay Rockers.
Dan Coudreaut (born November 8, 1965) is an American chef. He was the executive chef and vice president of culinary innovation at McDonald's from 2004 to 2018.
Sir Elton Hercules John CBE (born Reginald Kenneth Dwight; 25 March 1947) is an English singer, songwriter, pianist, and composer.
Calvin Adam Buehler (November 29, 1896 - February 29, 1988) was an American organic chemist and professor at the University of Tennessee from 1922 to 1965.
Aerial photo of Seahawks Stadium Stadium and surroundings, 2002 The 2002 Seattle Seahawks season was the franchise's 27th season in the National Football League, the first season in Qwest Field and the fourth under head coach Mike Holmgren.
Vagbhatananda Gurudevar Vagbhatananda (27 April 1885 & ndash; 29 October 1939) was a Hindu social reformer in British India.
Léopold Reichling (March 11, 1921 in Luxembourg – May 2, 2009) was a Luxembourg biologist and naturalist.
Ryuji Yokoe (横江竜司, Yokoe Ryūji, born 18 January 1978) is a Japanese motorcycle racer.
The Rockslide Formation is a geologic formation in Northwest Territories.
Equestrian Portrait of Charles V (also Emperor Charles V on Horseback or Charles V at Mühlberg) is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Titian.
You're the One is the tenth solo studio album by Paul Simon, released in 2000 and his first successful non-concept studio album, since his 1990 release The Rhythm of the Saints.
Because of a Flower () is a 1967 Philippine drama film directed by Luis Nepomuceno.
Elida Mary Morris (November 12, 1886 – December 25, 1977), later Elida Morris Cooper, was an American vaudeville singer, comedian and actress.
Gawdat Bahgat (born c. 1960s) is a professor of political science at the National Defense University. Bahgat was born and raised in Cairo, Egypt and earned degrees at Cairo University and American University in Cairo.
Calvin Chen (Chinese: 辰亦儒; pinyin: Chén Yìrú; Wade–Giles: Chen I-Ju) is a Taiwanese actor, businessman, model, singer, and television host.
David Paul Clawson (born August 16, 1967) Player Bio: Dave Clawson :: Football is an American football coach and former player.
Fleet Command, previously labelled as Jane's Fleet Command, is a real-time tactics naval warfare simulation computer game released in May 1999.
The Woman Who Believed is a 1922 American silent drama film, directed by Jack Harvey.
"My Dear Karadi () () is a 1999 Malayalam comedy drama film written by the duo Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas and directed by Sandhya Mohan with Kalabhavan Mani in the lead role. ""."
Sebastian Franco (born February 5, 1993) is a Colombian racquetball player.
K. T. Chandy (13 January 1913 & nbsp;– 2 May 2006) was an Indian management education administrator and business executive.
Bloomsburg Municipal Airport (FAA LID: N13) is a public non-towered general aviation airport along the Susquehanna River within town limits on the south east corner of Bloomsburg.
Asia Argento (Italian: [ˈaːzja arˈdʒento]; born Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento, 20 September 1975) is an Italian actress and director. The daughter of filmmaker Dario Argento, she had roles in the films XXX (2002), Land of the Dead (2005) and Marie Antoinette (2006).
Eamon McGrath is a Canadian musician and writer from Edmonton, Alberta and currently based in Toronto, Ontario.
Watertown Municipal Airport (ICAO: KRYV, FAA LID: RYV) is a public use airport located in and owned by the city of Watertown, in Jefferson County, Wisconsin, United States.
""" Cheaper to Keep Her "" is a song by Canadian country music artist Aaron Lines."
Dil Hi To Hai (It is only a heart) is a 1963 Indian Bollywood film directed by C.L. Rawal, P.L. Santoshi and produced by B.L.
Sotirios Sotiropoulos (Greek: Σωτήριος Σωτηρόπουλος; Nafplio, 1831 – Athens, 1898) was a Greek economist and politician who briefly served as Prime Minister of Greece.
The Hidden Reality: Parallel Universes and the Deep Laws of the Cosmos is a book by Brian Greene published in 2011 which explores the concept of the multiverse and the possibility of parallel universes.
Riggisberg is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Romance for Bugle (Czech: Romance pro křídlovku) is a 1967 Czechoslovakian drama film directed by Otakar Vávra.
Carlos Nicolás Gianella (born February 14, 1978 in La Plata) is an Argentine professional basketball player, currently playing for Boca Juniors.
Suzana Nikolić (born 22 June 1965) is a Croatian actress.
Surveillance is a 2008 American independent thriller film co-written and directed by Jennifer Lynch and starring Julia Ormond, Bill Pullman, Michael Ironside and French Stewart.
The Idlers of the Fertile Valley (Greek: Οι Τεμπέληδες της εύφορης κοιλάδας; I tembelides tis eforis kiladas) is a Greek film directed by Nikos Panayotopoulos.
Greatest Hits is a posthumous double-disc greatest hits album by American rapper 2Pac, released by Amaru Entertainment, Death Row Records, and Interscope Records on November 24, 1998.
Subagio Sastrowardoyo (1 February 1924 – 18 July 1995) was an Indonesian poet, short-story writer, essayist and literary critic.
Harriet the Spy is a children's novel written and illustrated by Louise Fitzhugh that was published in 1964.
Tomarinsky District (Russian: Томари́нский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion) of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia; one of the seventeen in the oblast.
Daniel Carrillo (born October 8, 1982), better known by his stage name Termanology, is an American rapper and record producer.
Wólka Szelężna [ˈvulka ʂɛˈlɛ̃ʐna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Liam Bekric (born 7 January 2001) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer with a vision impairment.
Victoria Park High School is a public English medium co-educational high school situated in Walmer, Port Elizabeth in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
The Utah National Parks Council (UNPC) is a former local council of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) that served youth in areas of Utah who live south of Salt Lake County, Utah and in some isolated areas of Nevada and Arizona.
April Morning is a 1961 novel by Howard Fast, about Adam Cooper's coming of age during the Battle of Lexington.
Anita Sarkeesian (/sɑːrˈkiːziən/; born 1983) is a Canadian-American feminist media critic, blogger, and public speaker.
""" Seasons "" is the debut single of Canadian hard rock band The Veer Union off the album Against the Grain."
Biltine Airport (ICAO: FTTE) (Arabic: مطار بلتن‎) is a public use airport located near Biltine, Wadi Fira, Chad.
Sir Douglas Morpeth TD FRCM (6 June 1924 – 26 August 2014) was a Scottish officer in the British Army and a chartered accountant.
Hieronymus Payer (13 February 1787 in Vienna-Meidling; died 17 August 1845 in the same place) was an Austrian composer and pianist.
The Trial of Donald Westhof (German: Der Kampf des Donald Westhof) is a 1927 German silent crime film directed by Fritz Wendhausen and starring Oskar Homolka, Karin Evans and Imre Ráday.
KTKO 105.7 FM is a radio station licensed to Beeville, Texas.
Ryan married Marie, a high school sweetheart, and had six children. In 1996, Jim Ryan was diagnosed with Stage 2 non-Hodgkin lymphoma and began chemotherapy.
Sulaiman Mohammed Nazif (born 14 April 1970) was elected Senator for the Bauchi North constituency of Bauchi State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2007.
Deep Purple in Rock is the fourth studio album by English rock band Deep Purple, released in June 1970.
The Chase is a 1946 American film noir directed by Arthur Ripley.
Josh Vietti is an American violinist and composer from Los Angeles, California.
Joseph Schubert (24 June 1890 – 4 April 1969) was a Romanian cleric and a titular bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
KPXP, (97.9 FM). Licensed to Garapan-Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands, the station is currently owned by Sorensen Pacific Broadcasting Inc. The station was assigned the KRSI call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on May 31, 1991.
Major General Sarath Munasinghe, RWP, RSP, USP, ndc, psc, SLA was a Sri Lankan General and a politician.
The American Film Company is a film production company founded in 2008 by Joe Ricketts.
Ioan Maniu (; 1833-1895) was a Transylvanian Romanian lawyer, politician and journalist.
Bhai-Bhai (transl. Brothers) is a 1970 Bollywood suspense drama film directed by Raja Nawathe.
Rich Love, Poor Love is a collaboration album between Syreeta and G.C.
Neil MacFarlane (born 10 October 1977, in Dunoon) is a Scottish former professional football player and coach, who is head coach of Brentford B. MacFarlane played as a defensive midfielder at a number of clubs at all four levels of the Scottish league system.
Johann Weyer or Johannes Wier (Latin: Ioannes Wierus or Piscinarius; 1515 – 24 February 1588) was a Dutch physician, occultist and demonologist, disciple and follower of Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa.
Paul Speckmann (born September 28, 1963) is an American bassist and singer from Chicago, Illinois.
Son Dam-bi (; born September 25, 1983) is a South Korean singer, actress and entertainer.
Roland Wakelin (17 April 1887 – 28 May 1971) was a New Zealand-born Australian painter and teacher.
West Stockwith is a village within the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire, England. The population at the 2011 census was 327.
Čistá u Horek is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
Namma Annachi (transl. Our brother) is a 1994 Tamil language drama film directed by Dhalapathi, who had previously directed the film Kizhakku Veluthachu (1992).
The Greenville News is a daily morning newspaper published in Greenville, South Carolina.
Francisco de Merlo (1693-1758) was a Spanish notary and politician, who served during the Viceroyalty of Peru as Notary Mayor of the Government of Buenos Aires.
South Metropolitan TAFE (formerly known as Challenger Institute of Technology or Challenger TAFE) is a Technical and Further Education (TAFE) institution based in Fremantle, Western Australia.
Hal Gausman (November 13, 1917 – June 10, 2003) was an American set decorator.
"Willibert ""Willi"" Kauhsen (born 19 May 1939) is a German former racing driver and racing team owner from Eschweiler in Aachen, Germany. Willi Kauhsen was a freight forwarder who went into racing in the 1960s."
Nkongsamba Airport (IATA: NKS, ICAO: FKAN) is an airport serving Nkongsamba, a city in the Moungo department of the Littoral region in Cameroon.
The Adventures of Samurai Cat is a collection of linked humorous fantasy short stories by Mark E. Rogers.
"Ang Huling Pagluha ( "" The Final Shedding of Tears "" ) was the first novel of Filipino novelist Iñigo Ed."
Al-Marasib is a village in western central Yemen.
Rush University is a private university in Chicago, Illinois.
Anthems for the Imperfect is the third studio album by CCM band Everyday Sunday.
Zlakusa () is a village located in the municipality of Užice, western Serbia.
The Rustler 36 is a cruising yacht produced by Rustler Yachts of Falmouth.
Kiki Kogelnik (1935–1997) was an Austrian painter, sculptor and printmaker. Born in southern Austria, she studied at the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts and moved to New York City in 1961.
Battleswarm: Field of Honor was a free-to-play first-person shooter/real-time strategy video game developed by Game World Tech.
Abi and Rabi ( Abi-o-Rabi) is a 1930 Iranian silent comedy film and also first silent feature film in the history of Iranian cinema directed by Ovanes Ohanian and starring Ovanes Ohanian, Mohammad Khan Zarrabi, Gholamali Khan Sohrabi Fard, Mohammd Ali Ghotbi and Amir Arjmand.
Sonderabteilung Lola (in Norway also known as Rinnanbanden (Rinnan gang)) was an independent group under the German Sicherheitsdienst in Trondheim, KDS Drontheim Referat IV.
Havij (, also Romanized as Havīj) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Rocky Mountain Laboratories (RML) is part of the NIH Intramural Research Program and is located in Hamilton, Montana.
Modrá Hůrka is a village and municipality (obec) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Hornskrokens IF is a sports club in Boden, Sweden.
Mariusz Mowlik (born May 19, 1981 in Poznań) is a Polish retires footballer who currently is the Sports Director at Miedź Legnica.
The Nativity of the Virgin is a painting by the Italian late medieval painter Pietro Lorenzetti, dating from around 1335–1342, now housed in the Museo dell'Opera del Duomo of Siena, Italy.
Tenpei Sato (佐藤 天平, Satō Tenpei) is a video game composer and voice actor.
The Long Hair of Death (Italian: I lunghi capelli della morte) is a 1964 Italian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti.
Arakkillam is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by N. Sankaran Nair and produced by N. Sankaran Nair. The film stars Sathyan, Sharada, Miss Kumari and Adoor Bhasi in the lead roles.
Ghosts of Chosun (informal title: A Ghost Story of Joseon Dynasty) () is a 1970 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok.
"Tysk Hudindustri (Danish for "" German Flesh Industry "" ) is the third studio album from the Danish heavy metal band Red Warszawa."
Nickelodeon Pakistan or Nick Pakistan, is the Pakistani feed of Nickelodeon, which is operated by domestic media company ARY Group's Digital Network subsidiary under a brand licensing and programming agreement with ViacomCBS Networks EMEAA.
Charles Victor Thompson (10 September 1885 – 11 May 1968) was an Australian politician.
Daniel Weyandt is the third and current vocalist of the American metalcore band, Zao.
Big Deal: A Year as a Professional Poker Player is a book by Anthony Holden.
Yani Pehlivanov (; born 14 July 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Etar Veliko Tarnovo. Pehlivanov began his career at Chernomorets Pomorie.
Moon So-ri (born July 2, 1974) is a South Korean actress, film director and screenwriter.
Christophe Hondelatte (born 17 December 1962 in Bayonne, France) is a French television and radio host who has worked for BFMTV since fall 2014.
Not Only... But Also was a popular 1960s BBC British sketch comedy show starring Peter Cook and Dudley Moore.
Pali Aru is a river in Northern Province, Sri Lanka.
{{Infobox writer | name = U. A. Khader | image = U a khader.jpg | pseudonym = | birth_name = | birth_date = 1935 | birth_place = Billeen, Rangoon, Burma | death_date = | death_place = | occupation = Writer | nationality = Indian U.
Livonia High School is a public school located in Livonia, Louisiana, United States.
Helen K Wint formerly known as Helen Kurup (born 9 September in North London) is an English actress best known for her role as Khush in the CBBC's I Dream.
Daniel McVicar (June 17, 1958; Independence, Missouri) is an American actor, director and writer.
Talk That Talk is the ninth album by The Jazz Crusaders recorded in 1965 and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
Nonô (full name : Claudionor Gonçalves da Silva; 1 January 1899 – 24 July 1931) was a Brazilian football forward for the Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.
Rolan Bell (born 17 October 1983) is a British actor who was born in Chiswick, west London, of Jamaican heritage.
Jocelyne Béroard (born 12 September 1954) is a Martinican singer and songwriter. She is one of the lead singers of the Zouk band Kassav'.
Henry Chapier (14 November 1933 – 27 January 2019) was a French journalist, film critic, television presenter and feature film director.
Tokarów [tɔˈkaruf] (German: Tokerrode) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Keeping Up with the Kalashnikovs is a 2014 book by Irish author Paul Howard and is the fourteenth novel in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
Chris Madden (born June 1, 1948) is an American interior designer, television host, author, and businesswoman.
.mv is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for the Republic of Maldives.
Elisa Zulueta (born in September 14, 1981, in Santiago) is a Chilean television, theatre and film actress who studied at the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile.
Change Colours is the third studio album by British-Australian recording artist Reece Mastin, released on 9 October 2015 by Social Family Records.
A Door into Ocean is a 1986 feminist science fiction novel by Joan Slonczewski.
Le Roman d'un tricheur (sometimes known in English as The Story of a Cheat, but also as Confessions of a Cheat, The Story of a Trickster, or The Cheat) is a 1936 film starring, written and directed by Sacha Guitry.
Dead Skeletons are a psychedelic rock trio from Reykjavík, Iceland, formed in 2008 by Jón Sæmundur Auðarson (aka Nonni Dead), Henrik Björnsson and Ryan Carlson Van Kriedt.
315 Madison Avenue Hills Learning is an Asian language school in New York City.
Ivan Pavlov (Russian: Академик Иван Павлов, romanized: Akademik Ivan Pavlov) is a 1949 Soviet biopic directed by Grigori Roshal and starring Aleksandr Borisov, Nina Alisova and Nikolai Plotnikov.
Osaka Elegy (浪華悲歌, Naniwa erejii) (originally Naniwa Elegy) is a 1936 Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi.
""" Second Son "" is a short story featuring Jack Reacher, a fictional character created by British author Jim Grant (who writes under the pen name of Lee Child)."
Alan Mobberley is a British car designer.
Day of Despair () is a 1992 Portuguese drama film based on the life of Portuguese writer Camilo Castelo Branco. It was directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
The Monuments Men is a 2014 war film directed by George Clooney, and written and produced by Clooney and Grant Heslov.
Apple Computer Company was founded on April 1, 1976, by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne. The company's first product is the Apple I, a computer designed and hand-built entirely by Wozniak, and first shown to the public at the Homebrew Computer Club.
Liu Xiaobo (Chinese: 刘晓波, 28 December 1955 – 13 July 2017) was a Chinese writer, literary critic, human rights activist, philosopher and Nobel Peace Prize laureate who called for political reforms and was involved in campaigns to end communist one-party rule in China.
Choi Woong (born Choi Sun-woong; December 28, 1986) is a South Korean actor and model.
"The Accademia della Crusca (pronounced [akkaˈdɛːmja della ˈkruska]; ""Academy of the Bran""), generally abbreviated as La Crusca, is a Florence-based society of scholars of Italian linguistics and philology."
Béatrice Graf (2 April 1964) is a Swiss percussionist, organist and keyboard player of jazz fusion and modern jazz.
John Brownlee (born in Fort Worth, Texas) is a former American professional basketball player.
DIIV is an American rock band from Brooklyn, New York City, formed in 2011. The band consists of Zachary Cole Smith (vocals, guitar), Andrew Bailey (guitar), Colin Caulfield (bass, keyboards, guitar, vocals) and Ben Newman (drums).
Bowral (/ˈbaʊrəl/) is the largest town in the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia, about ninety minutes southwest of Sydney.
Li Jingjing (born February 1, 1985 in Changle, Fujian) is a Chinese slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 2002 to 2013.
Kalateh-ye Abdalluhab (, also romanized as Kalāteh-ye ʿAbdāllūhāb) is a village in Takab Rural District, in the Central District of Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Newton Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 61R) is a county-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Newton, a city in Newton County, Texas, United States.
Biskupice-Pulkov (German: Biskupitz-Pulkau) is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Gladiator-At-Law is a satirical science fiction novel by American writers Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth.
Angelo Siniscalchi (born 15 July 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie D club AC Rezzato. Born in Salerno, Campania, Siniscalchi started his career at hometown club Salernitana.
It's About Time is an album by saxophonist Teddy Edwards with Les McCann's trio recorded in 1959 and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
David Black (born October 17, 1980 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American photographer and director noted for his work with musicians such as Daft Punk, Cat Power, Pharrell Williams and The Roots.
Lightning Bolt is an American noise rock duo from Providence, Rhode Island, composed of Brian Chippendale on drums and vocals and Brian Gibson on bass guitar.
Gary Taubes (born April 30, 1956) is an American journalist, writer and low-carbohydrate diet advocate.
Mahatma Gandhi Heberpio Mattos Pires (born 18 February 1992), commonly known as Mahatma, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Iporá, on loan from Atlético Clube Goianiense, as a defender.
Dynasty Electrik (aka Dynasty Electric) is an electronic rock and new age duo from Brooklyn, New York, and Los Angeles, California consisting of vocalist Jenny Electrik (Jennifer Deveau) and multi-instrumentalist Seth Misterka.
Bone is a 48-minute 2005 documentary about the first modern dance co-production between Canada and China, directed and choreographed by Nadine Thouin (Go-On Productions/ formerly Snell Thouin Project) in collaboration with the Beijing Modern Dance Company.
Under False Colors is a 1917 American silent drama film produced by the Thanhouser Company and directed by Emile Chautard.
KRYD (104.9 FM, 97.7/104.9 Jack FM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult hits music format in the Grand Junction, Colorado market.
The Divine Jetta (German: Die göttliche Jette) is a 1937 German musical comedy film directed by Erich Waschneck and starring Grethe Weiser, Viktor de Kowa, and Marina von Ditmar.
Tania Aebi (born October 7, 1966) is an American sailor.
Mia Rose (born Maria Antónia Teixeira Rosa; 26 January 1988) is an English-born singer-songwriter of Portuguese descent, notable for her popularity on the video sharing website YouTube.
Doctor Therne is an 1898 science fiction novel by British writer H.
"Abhiman Singh Basnet/Basnyat () was first Commander-in-Chief of Unified Nepal. ""."
Sze Hang Yu (Chinese: 施幸余; Jyutping: si1 hang6 jyu4) is a female Olympics swimmer from Hong Kong.
Davoud Noushi Soufiani (Persian: داود نوشی صوفیانی‎; born July 15, 1990) is an Iranian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Oxin Alborz in Azadegan League.
Alec Butler (born 1959) is a Canadian playwright and filmmaker. Butler was born in 1959 in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada, and was assigned female at birth.
CBK-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts the programming of the CBC Music network at 96.9 FM in Regina, Saskatchewan.
Kathy Smith (born December 11, 1951) is a personal trainer who became well known for her workout videos during the late 1980s and 1990s.
WOBX (1530 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format. Licensed to Wanchese, North Carolina, United States, it serves the Elizabeth City-Nags Head area.
Basuki Rahmat (4 November 1921 – 8 January 1969) was an Indonesian General and a witness to the signing of the Supersemar document transferring power from President Sukarno to General Suharto.
United is a studio album by soul musicians Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell, released August 29, 1967 on the Motown-subsidiary label Tamla Records.
Eskin-e Olya (, also Romanized as Eskīn-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Live! is the first live album by the Canadian rock band April Wine.
Socialist Youth () is the youth organisation of the Socialist Party of Portugal.
Mustang! is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring performances by Byrd with Sonny Red, Hank Mobley, McCoy Tyner, Walter Booker, and Freddie Waits recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label in 1967 as BLP 4238.
Roche-en-Régnier is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Murray Dryden, CM (October 14, 1911 – February 1, 2004) was a Canadian philanthropist. He was also the father of Hockey Hall of Famer and politician Ken Dryden, Dave Dryden and Judy Dryden.
George William Michael Chubb, 4th Baron Hayter (born 9 October 1943) is a British businessman.
Wailly-Beaucamp is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Leo Warren Jenkins (May 28, 1913 – January 14, 1989) was the sixth president and chancellor of what is now East Carolina University in Greenville, North Carolina, United States.
The BC Titans were a professional basketball team in the International Basketball League located in Langley, British Columbia.
Fine China is an American indie rock band from Phoenix, Arizona, comprising Rob Withem (vocals, guitar), Greg Markov (bass guitar) and Thom Walsh (drums).
El Mundo is a Venezuelan evening newspaper.
Khvares (, also Romanized as Khvāres, Khovārs, and Khūvāres) is a village in Kamalabad Rural District, in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.
Sampoorna Kranti Express is an Indian express passenger train service, which runs between Rajendra Nagar Patna and New Delhi.The service began running on 17 February 2002 and is one of the fastest train services in India.
Amanda Fosang is a biomedical researcher who has pioneered arthritis research in Australia.
KLTF (960 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Little Falls, Minnesota, United States.
Ennu is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.
The Id is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Macy Gray.
Rafael Nuritdinov (born 12 June 1977 in Fergana) was an Uzbek road racing cyclist.
On Chesil Beach is a 2017 British drama film directed by Dominic Cooke (in his feature directorial debut) and written by Ian McEwan, who adapted his own 2007 Booker Prize-nominated novella of the same name.
L'Estréchure is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Charles de Chambrun (1930–2010) was a French politician. Charles de Chambrun was born on June 16, 1930 in Paris, France.
Han Jin-hee (born March 14, 1949) is a South Korean actor.
KZSJ (1120 AM) is a broadcast radio station licensed to San Martin, California, United States.
FINE MEP (Mechanical Electrical and Plumbing) is a BIM CAD software tool for Building services engineering design, built on top of IntelliCAD.
Baaghi (transl. Rebel) is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Sabbir Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala under his banner Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment.
Naim Terbunja (born 28 September 1984 in Pristina, Yugoslavia – in present-day Kosovo[a]) is a Swedish professional boxer of Kosovar-Albanian descent who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at middleweight.
Eugene Tan Kheng Boon (born 18 February 1970) is an Associate Professor of Law at Singapore Management University.
"La Zona (""The Zone"") is a 2007 Mexican-Spanish co-production film by director Rodrigo Plá."
"Known by his stage names Joey Smith and Pepe Smith, he gained prominence as a member of Juan de la Cruz Band, which became pioneering figures in original Filipino rock music or ""Pinoy rock""."
Huseinovići () is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Rocío Ybarra Solaun (born December 26, 1984 in Bilbao, Vizcaya) is a field hockey defender from Spain, who represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Alexander Suslin HaKohen (died 1349) was a prominent 14th century rabbinic authority born in Erfurt, Germany, and one of the most important Talmudists of his time.
Pulse of the Earth is the third studio album from American trip hop/indie duo Hungry Lucy.
The Cordillera Darwin Metamorphic Complex is a geologic complex composed chiefly of metamorphic rocks located in southern Tierra del Fuego.
Piwonin is a village in Otwock County, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. The population is near 100.
Chaudhry Nazeer Ahmad (; born 1 January 1958) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan between 2002 and May 2018.
An Essay Concerning Human Understanding is a work by John Locke concerning the foundation of human knowledge and understanding.
8199400 Canada Inc. operating as Arctic Sunwest Charters was a charter airline based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada.
Jean Hall (1896-1982) was a Canadian architect, the second woman to graduate from the architecture program from the University of Toronto in 1923 after Esther Hill.
The Connecticut Mirror (also known as CT Mirror) is a nonprofit media organization in Connecticut in the United States. It is headquartered in Hartford, Connecticut.
River at Dash Scalding is the third full length studio album, fourth album overall, by the black metal band Naer Mataron.
Pépé le Moko [pe.pe lə mo.ko] is a 1937 French film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Jean Gabin.
Michalis Romanidis (alternate spelling: Michail) (Greek: Μιχάλης Ρωμανίδης; born June 19, 1966, Thessaloniki, Greece) is a retired Greek professional basketball player.
The Bundles is the only studio album by the supergroup of the same name, released on March 9, 2010 on K Records.
Radějovice is a village and municipality (obec) in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Way of the Samurai 2 (侍道2, Samurai Dou 2) is a PlayStation 2 (PS2) action-adventure game released in 2003.
The Cheeky Devil (German: Der Frechdachs) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and Heinz Hille and starring Willy Fritsch, Camilla Horn and Ralph Arthur Roberts.
Serge Wilfried Kanon (born 6 July 1993) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Pyramids and the Ivory Coast national team.
Kayala Airline (previously called Al Khayala) was an airline based in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
{{Infobox writer/Wikidata | fetchwikidata = ALL | caption = | occupation = Novelist | education = Miss Porter's School, Harvard University | notableworks = | website = Beth Gutcheon is a best-selling American author, having written 10 novels and two quilting books.
Sergei Yevgenyevich Suponev (; 28 January 1963 – 8 December 2001) was a TEFI-award winning Soviet and Russian television director, children's television presenter and a manager of children's programming on Channel One. Sergei Suponev was born in Khotkovo, Moscow Oblast in 1963.
Kathy Barr (born Marilyn Sultana Aboulafia; June 4, 1929 & ndash; June 21, 2008) was an American vocalist who performed and recorded popular music, jazz, musical theater, and operettas.
Echolalia is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Something for Kate which was released on 22 June 2001.
Ashwini Kumar Dutta () (25 January 1856 – 7 November 1923) was a Bengali educationist, philanthropist, social reformer and patriot.
I Was a Child of Holocaust Survivors is a 2010 animated film by Ann Marie Fleming based on a 2006 autobiographical graphic novel by Bernice Eisenstein.
In the film El Peñón de las Ánimas, Félix starred opposite the popular Mexican actor and singer Jorge Negrete. María Félix and Jorge Negrete got off to a bad relationship during the filming because he had asked that his girlfriend, the actress Gloria Marín, be given the lead role.
Mary Call Darby Collins (September 11, 1911 – November 29, 2009) was an American historic preservationist, widow of former Governor LeRoy Collins and First Lady of Florida from 1955 to 1961.
Florida Express was an airline headquartered in Orlando, Florida, United States.
Stephan Brenninkmeijer (born 27 June 1964 in Doorwerth) is a Dutch film director, screenwriter, and producer. Brenninkmeijer was born and raised at Doorwerth castle, Netherlands, where his father G.H.
Club 9 (Heba! Heroo-Chan!, Miss Hello) is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by Makoto Kobayashi.
""" The Roaring Trumpet "" is a fantasy novella by American writers L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt."
Baronessen fra benzintanken (The Baroness from the Gas Station) is a 1960 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Maria Garland, Ghita Nørby, Dirch Passer and Ove Sprogøe.
Robert Zollitsch (born 9 August 1938) is a German prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Freiburg im Breisgau from 2003 to 2013 and was Chairman of the German Episcopal Conference from 2008 to 2014.
Killing Hope: U.S. Military and C.I.A. Interventions since World War II by William Blum is a history book on covert CIA operations and United States military interventions during the second half of the 20th century.
The New Development Bank (NDB), formerly referred to as the BRICS Development Bank, is a multilateral development bank established by the BRICS states (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa).
Jack Witikka (20 December 1916 & ndash; 28 January 2002; surname until 1942 Jakobsson) was a Finnish film director and screenwriter.
At Risk is a 2010 American TV movie directed by Tom McLoughlin and starring Andie MacDowell and Daniel Sunjata.
Seymour Pomrenze (September 1, 1915 – August 25, 2011) was a Jewish-American archivist and records manager.
Meri Zaat Zarra-e-Benishan () is a Pakistani television drama series, directed by Babar Javed and produced by Abdullah Kadwani and Humayun Saeed, based on Umera Ahmad's novel of the same name.
The Haller Case (Italian: Il caso Haller) is a 1933 Italian thriller film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Marta Abba, Memo Benassi and Camillo Pilotto.
Thomas Hepburn Community Academy (formerly Thomas Hepburn Community School) was a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, England.
Natrona County High School (NCHS) is a public secondary school (grades 9–12) located in Casper, Wyoming, United States.
Adamson University (Filipino: Pamantasang Adamson) is a private university in Manila, Philippines, founded on June 20, 1932, by Greek immigrant George Lucas Adamson as the Adamson School of Industrial Chemistry.
The Gaspe Bay Sandstone Group is a geologic group in Quebec.
John Lenthall (16 September 1807 – 11 April 1882) was an important American shipbuilder and naval architect.
I Was a Teenage TV Terrorist (also known as Amateur Hour) is a 1985 comedy film directed by Stanford Singer and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
Decatur Hi-Way Airport (IATA: DCR, ICAO: KDCR, FAA LID: DCR) was a public use airport located three nautical miles (5.5 km) north of the central business district of Decatur, a city in Adams County Indiana, United States.
Alan Lowe (born July 26, 1961) is a Canadian politician. He served as mayor of Victoria, British Columbia, 1999-2008.
Nothing to Declare is a solo album by pianist Paul Bley recorded in 2003 and released on the Justin Time label in 2004.
Sholto Kairakau Black (13 January 1902 & ndash;23 February 1963) was a New Zealand teacher, principal, community services co-ordinator, community leader.
Odyssey III is an abstract 1973 aluminum sculpture by Tony Rosenthal, installed outside the San Diego Museum of Art in San Diego's Balboa Park, in the U.S. state of California.
Emmanuel Armah Kofi Buah (born 1966) is a Ghanaian politician who has served in the government of Ghana as Minister of Energy and Petroleum since 2013.
Pig Boy (2011) is a crime novel by Australian author J.
Sånger ur Trähatten 1982–2000 is a 2 CD compilation album of Swedish musician Johan Johansson released in 2001. http://www.johanjohansson.se/band/so_samling.html # Va?!.
"Haravgi (Greek: Χαραυγή / ""Dawn"") is a Greek language newspaper published in Cyprus since 1956."
Merry Christmas from Harmony Ranch is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky in 1992.
Robert Yeo (born Robert Yeo Cheng Chuan in 1940) is a Singaporean poet, playwright and novelist.
for the earlier Mercury Records recording of the same name, Bud Powell's Moods, see The Genius of Bud Powell Bud Powell's Moods is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell, released in 1956 by Norgran, featuring sessions that Powell recorded in 1954 and 1955.
The 2012 Quaker State 400 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race that was held June 30, 2012, at Kentucky Speedway in Sparta, Kentucky.
""" Switchback "" is a song by the American Electronic rock artist Celldweller, released in 2003 on the self-titled debut album."
Topo Galileo (Galileo Mouse) is a 1988 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Laudadio.
Cut to the Quick is an EP by Redgum.
Nagaram () is a 2008 Indian Telugu-language action film produced by M. Anjibabu, P. Kishore Babu on Mac Media-Blue Sky Entertainment banner and directed by C. C. Srinivas.
Kunal Bakshi is an Indian television actor.
Matysówka (, Matysivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyczyn, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Naistevalla is a village in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia.
Judyann Elder (born Judith Ann Johnson; August 18, 1948) is an American actress, director, and writer.
Stratosphere is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter and drummer Matt Sorum.
"""Unconditionally"" is a song by American singer Katy Perry. It was released as the second single from her fourth studio album Prism (2013) on October 16, 2013."
Konstantin Petrovich Pyatnitsky (, 31 March 1864, - 6 January 1938) was a Russian journalist, publisher and memoirist. Konstantin Pyatnitsky was born in the village of Kemtsy, Valdaysky Uyezd, Novgorod Governorate, to the family of a local priest.
Khlyst is an American drone doom band, formed in 2006.
Our Lady and St Patrick's College, Knock known locally as Knock or OLSPCK, is a Roman Catholic diocesan grammar school in Knock, Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Live at Blues Alley is a double live album by the Wynton Marsalis Quartet, recorded at Blues Alley in December 1986 and released through Columbia Records in 1987.
"Now or Never is an extended play released by British group Bananarama. & anmois=2012-09 & option=com_staticxt & Itemid=18#375 "" New EP NOW OR NEVER out now! ""."
Born in Tibro, Sweden, Martin Kronlund was a fencing trainer at the School of Physical Activity and Sport Sciences of the Technical University of Madrid.
Carlos González Ragel (December 22, 1899 - November 28, 1969) was a Spanish painter and photographer. Ragel Gonzalez was born in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain on December 22, 1899 to a middle-class family.
Utshober Por () is the second studio album by Bangladeshi rock band Black, released in 2003.
Dainik Navajyoti is a Hindi language daily newspaper published from Jaipur, Jodhpur, Ajmer, Udaipur & Kota Rajasthan.
Simon Keith (b. 1965 Lewes, England) is a British soccer player.
Thomas McGovern (April 10, 1832 & mdash;July 25, 1898) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the second bishop of the Diocese of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania (1888-1898).
Seant is a studio album by Andrzej Trzaskowski Sextet released on Polskie Nagrania in 1966 as Polish Jazz series volume 11.
Bunnerong Power Station is a demolished former coal-powered electric power station in the south-eastern Sydney suburb of Matraville, New South Wales, Australia.
Between Us is an album by jazz musician Steve Cole, released in 2000.
The God Within is a 1912 American short drama film directed by D.
Yehude Simon Munaro (born 18 July 1947) is a Peruvian politician (PHP) and former Prime Minister of Peru.
Garinda is a village of Fatehpur Tehsil in the Sikar district.
Nino Live is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala comedy romance film directed by Thisara Imbulana and produced by Sahil Gupta.
Jan Kobuszewski (19 April 1934 – 28 September 2019) was a Polish actor and comedian. Kobuszewski graduated from the National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw.
Doc Watson in Nashville: Good Deal! is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson, released in 1968.
The 20th Hussars was a cavalry regiment of the British Army.
Gorantha Deepam is a 1978 Telugu drama film from the writer-director duo of Ramana and Bapu.
Karmayodha (transl. Warrior at Work) is a 2012 Indian Malayalam action-thriller film co-produced, written and directed by Major Ravi.
Studio 4°C Co., Ltd. (株式会社スタジオよんどしい, Kabushiki-Gaisha Sutajio Yondo Shī, stylized as STUDIO4℃) is a Japanese animation studio founded by Eiko Tanaka and Koji Morimoto in 1986.
Eito Prem (; ) http://www.sonarbangladesh.com/blog/tuhinctg/18428 is a 2015 Bangladeshi romance feature film written by Shohel Arman http://www.snnbd.com/bangla/mnews-n.php?id=23743 & cid=0.14 and also directed by Shohel Arman.
Annie Chidzira Muluzi is the former First Lady of Malawi and wife of Bakili Muluzi.
"Paris vu par... (Six in Paris) is a French anthology film made in 1965. "" Saint-Germain-des-Prés "" Directed by Jean Douchet Segment about an American girl student taken in by a French playboy and gets wise to another's ways."
CKUN-FM is a First Nations/community radio station broadcasting at 101.3 FM in Christian Island, Ontario, Canada.
The Jets is the first studio album by the Jets, released in 1985.
Shila Khodadad (; born November 5, 1980) is an Iranian actress.
Bill (W. H.) Cameron (born 19 November 1963, Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American author. Bill Cameron's first novel, Lost Dog (2007), was a Left Coast Crime Rocky Award nominee and a finalist for the 2008 Spotted Owl Award for best mystery in the Pacific Northwest.
Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site in Laclede, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site.
Belinda Goss (born 6 January 1984 in Devonport, Tasmania) is a retired Australian professional racing cyclist.
Caromb is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Mr Love & Justice is the twelfth studio album by folk-rock musician Billy Bragg, and the second to be recorded with his backing band The Blokes.
Cheating Cheaters is a 1919 silent film comedy directed by Allan Dwan and starring Jack Holt and Clara Kimball Young.
Vladimir Landsman (born 21 December 1941 in Dushanbe) is a Soviet-Canadian violinist and teacher.
The Blériot-SPAD S.81 (S.81 C.1) was a French fighter aircraft developed in 1923 to a requirement by the French Air Force.
Strakov is a village and municipality (obec) in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
Whatever Comes First is the debut album of the American country music band Sons of the Desert.
Amarillo College (AC) is a public community college in Amarillo, Texas.
Emile Ghantous (born Peoria, IL) is a Los Angeles-based Grammy nominated songwriter and record producer.
Sharad Arvind Bobde (born 24 April 1956) is an Indian judge serving as the 47th and current Chief Justice of India.
Seo In-guk (; born October 23, 1987) is a South Korean singer and actor.
The NRJ Group (NRJ is an acronym read as énergie in French, pronounced [enɛʁʒi]) (Euronext: NRG) is a French multimedia group based in Paris. Its founders are Jean-Paul Baudecroux and Max Guazzini.
Jürg Berger (born February 5, 1954) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey forward. He spent the majority of his career with the SCL Tigers in the National League A.
Julia Julia is a 1981 Norwegian comedy film directed by Petter Vennerød and Svend Wam.
Simon the Sorcerer: Who'd Even Want Contact?! ), also known as Simon the Sorcerer 5, is an adventure game developed by Silver Style Entertainment.
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham is a private deemed-to-be-university and Institute of Eminence based in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.
Mike Nelson's Death Rat! is the first full-length novel by American author Michael J. Nelson.
Mod4Win is a media player for module files written by Kay Bruns.
Harry Rigby (c. 1925 – January 17, 1985) was an American theatre producer and writer.
Gokicha (ごきチャ, lit. Cockroach Girls) is a 4-panel manga series created by Rui Tamachi revolving around anthropomorphised cockroaches.
Yoshitaka Ohashi (大橋 良隆, Ohashi Yoshitaka, born July 1, 1983) is a former Japanese football player. Yoshitaka Ohashi joined to J2 League club; Vegalta Sendai in 2006.
Donya () is the second studio album by Iranian-Swedish pop singer of Iranian origin Arash.
Ilamai Kaalangal (lit. 'The times of youth') is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Manivannan.
Bacchus Marsh College is a secondary school in the town of Bacchus Marsh, Victoria, Australia.
Akshay Kumar Datta (also spelt Akshay Kumar Dutta) (Bengali: অক্ষয় কুমার দত্ত) (15 July 1820 – 18 May 1886) was a Bengali writer from the Indian subcontinent.
Ilana Avital (; born February 18, 1960) is an Israeli singer and actress.
Kołaczów [kɔˈwat͡ʂuf] (German: Prauß) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Saint-Georges-Blancaneix (Occitan: Sent Jòrge de Blancanés) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Oka Rusmini (Ida Ayu Oka Rusmini) is an Indonesian poet and novelist.
Murphy Lake (also, Murphys Lake) is a lake in Iberville Parish and St. Martin Parish, Louisiana, United States.
KRCW-TV, virtual channel 32 (UHF digital channel 33), is a CW-affiliated television station serving Portland, Oregon, United States that is licensed to the state capital of Salem.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Varaždin is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in northern Croatia.
Ayalum Njanum Thammil () is a 2012 Indian Malayalam medical drama film directed by Lal Jose.
Red to Kill () is a 1994 category III Hong Kong film directed by Billy Tang Hin-Shing.
Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg (born January 10, 1961) is an Italian and American classical violinist and teacher. Salerno-Sonnenberg was born in Rome, Italy.
The Sucarnochee Clay is a geologic formation in Alabama.
Simmone Morrow (born 31 October 1976 in Cowell, South Australia) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Sarab-e Kalan (, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kalān) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.
KFUN (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to Las Vegas, New Mexico, United States.
Horacio Sanz (born June 4, 1969), better known by his stage name Horatio Sanz, is a Chilean-born American actor and comedian.
Walking with a Smile is Stickman's first full production studio album.
"Still Live is a double-CD live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett's "" Standards Trio "" featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette recorded in July, 1986 at the Philharmonic Hall in Munich, Germany."
"Robin Thorsen is an American actress best known for her role as Clara on the popular web series The Guild and as one of the longest running ""Movie Mob"" participants on the ReelzChannel show Movie Mob, under the name Robin+Boy Wonder."
Heritage Christian School was a private, non-denominational Christian school in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
The Dante Monument is a memorial to Dante Alighieri located in Dante Park. The monument was created by Carlo Balboni (1860-1947) and was unveiled on October 22, 1922 in La Fontaine Park as a gift from Montreal's Italian community to the city.
Kālidāsa was a Classical Sanskrit writer, widely regarded as the greatest poet and dramatist in the Sanskrit language of India.
Vraćevšnica (pronounced [v̞rǎtɕɛːv̞ʃnitsa]) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia.
Madoka Yonezawa (米澤 円, Yonezawa Madoka, born August 30, 1982) is a Japanese voice actress and singer from Osaka Prefecture.
Yowah is an outback town and locality in the Shire of Paroo, Queensland, Australia.
Rage is the third studio album by American metalcore band Attila.
Good Luck! ! (グッドラック！！) is a 2003 Japanese television drama starring Takuya Kimura and Kou Shibasaki.
All the People Said Amen is the first compilation album by contemporary worship music recording artist Matt Maher, released on April 23, 2013.
Hemlata Gupta (died 2006) was an Indian medical doctor and the director and head of the department of medicine at Lady Hardinge Medical College.
Disengagement (Désengagement) is a film directed by Amos Gitai, starring Juliette Binoche, with Jeanne Moreau in a supporting role.
Oru Penninte Katha is a Malayalam language film, released in 1971. It was written by E. Moses and directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan.
Butch Taylor (born Clarence Francis Taylor on April 13, 1961 in Shawsville, Virginia) is a composer, writer, keyboardist and long time guest musician with Dave Matthews Band.
Danny Chan Kwok-kwan (born 1 August 1975) is a Hong Kong actor, martial artist, dance choreographer, and lead singer of the rock band, Poet.
He was a frequent guest conductor of his own works with the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra. Harald Sæverud was born in Bergen and received his basic music education at the local conservatory where his teacher was the Leipzig-educated composer Borghild Holmsen.
Chloe Esposito OAM (born 19 September 1991) is an Australian shooter and modern pentathlon competitor.
The Man Who Lost Himself is a lost 1920 American silent comedy drama film directed by Clarence G. Badger and George D. Baker.
The Deadly Spawn is a 1983 American science fiction horror film directed by Douglas McKeown and starring Charles George Hildebrandt.
75 is a live album by Austrian-American jazz musician Joe Zawinul and his band the Zawinul Syndicate.
Major-General Charles Francis Constantine (21 October 1883 – 20 October 1954) was a Canadian General and commandant of the Royal Military College of Canada from 1925 to 1930.
Herman F. Zimmerman (born 19 April 1935) is an art director and production designer.
"Jerry Harrison and David Byrne (right), the songwriters, performing in August 1978 at Jay's Longhorn Bar, Minneapolis "" Heaven "" is a song by the American new wave band Talking Heads from their 1979 album Fear of Music."
Agaram () is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by T.
Malokarachayevsky District (Russian: Малокарача́евский райо́н; Karachay-Balkar: Гитче Къарачай район; Kabardian: Къэрэшей цӏыкӏу къедзыгъуэ) is an administrative and a municipal district (raion), one of the ten in the Karachay-Cherkess Republic, Russia.
Harzé Castle () is a castle in the village of Harzé in the municipality of Aywaille, province of Liège, Belgium.
Joseph Laurence Black (January 12, 1829 & ndash; March 12, 1907) was a businessman and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.
Frank W. Springstead High School is a public Hernando County high school in Spring Hill, Florida.
Coordinates: 54°39′54″N 5°39′36″W﻿ / ﻿54.665°N 5.660°W﻿ / 54.665; -5.660 Bangor Grammar School (The Grammar or B.G.S. ), is a Northern Irish voluntary grammar school for boys in Bangor, County Down.
Iva Serdar (born August 26, 1982) is a Croatian female professional basketball player.
Nandagopal (born Nadella Nandagopal) was an Indian film journalist, editor and critic. He was married to Kalpana Devi who is also of Repalle and the couple have three children- Nadella Gopichand, Nadella Pratyagatma and Koduru Kavitha.
Zahutyń (, Zahutyn’) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Dozduiyeh (Persian: دوزدوئيه‎, also Romanized as Dozdū’īyeh) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.
After Charles Mingus' death from Lou Gehrig's disease in 1979, Sue Mingus established bands to perform his music, beginning with the Mingus Dynasty, a septet that tours internationally and performs regularly at Jazz Standard in New York City.
Vincent Lavenu (born 12 January 1956 in Briançon, Hautes-Alpes) is a French former professional road bicycle racer and is currently the team manager of the UCI ProTour AG2R La Mondiale cycling team.
The 79th Guards Rifle Division () was an infantry division of the Red Army during World War II.
René Allio (; 3 August 1924, Marseille – 27 March 1995, Paris) was a French film and theater director.
"""John Deere Green"" is a song written by Dennis Linde, and recorded by American country music artist Joe Diffie."
Angelina Muñiz-Huberman (December 29, 1936–) is a Mexican writer and poet. She is a recipient of the Xavier Villaurrutia Award and the Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz Prize.
Andreas Christian Iversen (25 February 1834 Janderup, Denmark & ndash; 6 September 1911 Earnscleugh, New Zealand) was a Danish-born New Zealand gold miner, orchardist and irrigator.
"KILT (610 AM, ""SportsRadio 610"") is a Sports/Talk formatted radio station in Houston, Texas."
Będzymin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
D. R. MacDonald is the pen name of David R. MacDonald, a Canadian-American writer who publishes novels and short stories.
Keith Patterson (born May 20, 1964) is an American football coach, currently the defensive coordinator at Texas Tech University.
Black Rock is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1982 and released on the Columbia label.
Nuthin' but a Gangsta Party 2 is a compilation album released by Priority Records on July 3, 2001.
Johann Adolf I, Duke of Saxe-Weissenfels (2 November 1649, in Halle – 24 May 1697, in Weissenfels), was a duke of Saxe-Weissenfels-Querfurt and member of the House of Wettin.
Tony Romeo is a prominent journalist in Pennsylvania, working for KYW (AM), where he is the Harrisburg bureau chief. He attended Penn State Harrisburg.
Hovsep Pushman (Armenian: Յովսէփ Փուշման; May 9, 1877 – February 13, 1966) was an American artist of Armenian background.
Derakht Chaman () is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
The Second Awakening of Christa Klages (German: Das zweite Erwachen der Christa Klages) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Margarethe von Trotta, her debut solo film.
The 2011 Frankfurt Airport shooting occurred on 2 March 2011 at Frankfurt Airport in Germany. The shooter, Arid Uka, was arrested and charged with killing two United States Airmen and seriously wounding two others.
Sartaj Mera Tu Raaj Mera was a 2015 Pakistani soap series. Written by Jahanzeb Qamar it was directed by Shafqat Mohuddin and produced by Syed Mukhtar Ahmed.
Thaltej is a census town and a suburb in Ahmedabad district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
Jose Adrian Sy-Alvarado, Dr. Jose Victor Alexis Sy- Alvarado, Dr. Wilhelmino Sy-Alvarado Jr., and husband of former Representative Ma. He entered politics when he was elected as mayor of Hagonoy, Bulacan in 1987.
Choi Min-woo (born January 17, 1985), better known by his stage name Choi Sung-won, is a South Korean actor.
Paul Temple Returns is a 1952 British crime film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring John Bentley, Patricia Dainton and Peter Gawthorne.
Anthony Scott Burns (born May 9, 1977) is a Canadian filmmaker, visual effects artist and musician.
Alan Wakeman (born 13 October 1947, Hammersmith, West London) is an English saxophonist, known for his work in Soft Machine during 1976, appearing on the album Softs.
Nitza Margarita Cintrón (born 1950) is a Puerto Rican scientist and Chief of Space Medicine and Health Care Systems Office at NASA's Johnson Space Center.
Teresa's Tattoo (also known as Natural Selection) is a 1994 American action-comedy-crime film directed by Julie Cypher.
Otzberg is a municipality in the district of Darmstadt-Dieburg, located in the Odenwald forest region of Germany.
Giovanni Breviario (27 November 1891 – 8 October 1982), was an Italian operatic tenor, particularly associated with Italian dramatic roles. Breviario was born at Bergamo.
Martin Shkreli (; born March 17, 1983) is an American former hedge fund manager, and convicted felon.
The House of Freedoms (Italian: Casa delle Libertà, CdL) was a major centre-right political and electoral alliance in Italy, led by Silvio Berlusconi.
Thomas Lauth (1825) – Coll. Thomas Lauth (19 August 1758, Strasbourg – 16 September 1826) was a French anatomist.
The Motorway 21 (A21) is a road under construction. Starts from node-Ferron Ardanio at A2 (Egnatia Odos) and leads the Greek-Bulgarian border Ormenio.
Patricia Breen is an American television writer and producer, who has worked on a range of shows including Frasier and the acclaimed HBO polygamy drama Big Love.
Gavin Extence (born 1982) is an English writer.
Murdin (, also Romanized as Mūrdīn, Moordin, and Mūr-e Dīn) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Candidate (German: Der Kandidat) is a 1980 West German documentary film directed by Volker Schlöndorff, Stefan Aust, Alexander Kluge and Alexander von Eschwege [de].
Artun Akçakın (born 6 May 1993 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Tarsus İdman Yurdu.
Gabriel González Videla (American Spanish: [gaˈβɾjɛl ɣõnˈsales βiˈðela]; November 22, 1898 – August 22, 1980) was a Chilean politician.
Escape from Angola is a 1976 adventure film directed by Leslie H. Martinson.
Tarak Mekki (طارق المكي‎ 27 June 1958 – 31 December 2012) was a Tunisian businessman and political figure.
Gramps Is in the Resistance or Papy fait de la résistance is a cult French film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré in 1983.
Niedenstein is a small town and an officially recognized climatic spa in the Schwalm-Eder district in northern Hesse, Germany.
Madeline Stuart (born 13 November 1996) is an Australian model with Down syndrome.
Karim Azizou (Arabic: كريم عزيزو‎) (born 20 January 1985 in Périgueux, France) is a Moroccan football (soccer) right back.
The Goonies (Japanese: グーニーズ, Hepburn: Gūnīzu) is a 1986 platform game based on the film of the same name produced by Konami for the Family Computer in Japan.
Sainte-Foy-de-Longas is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Brett Robinson (born 8 May 1991 in Canberra) is an Australian track and field athlete specialising in the 5000 metres who has competed in the World Championships.
Rolf Schübel (born 11 November 1942 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a German film director and screenwriter.
The University of Dongola (in Arabic جامعة دنقلا), is a public university located in Dongola Sudan.
"The Ettes is a garage rock revival band consisting of Lindsay ""Coco"" Hames, Maria ""Poni"" Silver, and Jeremy ""Jem"" Cohen."
Gerald Stern (born February 22, 1925) is an American poet, essayist and educator.
"WDAI (98.5 FM, "" 98.5 Kiss FM "" ) is an Mainstream urban radio station licensed to Pawleys Island, South Carolina and serves the Grand Strand area."
XHVD-FM is a radio station on 93.9 FM in Ciudad Allende, Coahuila.
Léonora Miano in March 2010 Léonora Miano (born 1973, in Douala) is a Cameroonian author.
Girls of Today (Italian: Ragazze d'oggi) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Marisa Allasio.
Inner Experience (French: L'expérience intérieure) is a 1943 book by the French intellectual Georges Bataille.
Florian Marino (born 3 June 1993 in Cannes, France) is a French motorcycle racer.
Chanda Kochhar (née Advani, born 17 November 1961) is the former managing director and chief executive officer of ICICI Bank.
Hildegard Kleeb (born 1957 in , Willisau District) is a Swiss pianist.
Carl Panzram: The Spirit of Hatred and Vengeance is a documentary film by John Borowski about the life and death of serial killer Carl Panzram.
Shakespeare and the Goddess of Complete Being is a book of literary criticism by Ted Hughes extensively analyzing the works of Shakespeare.
Baadal Nanjundaswamy () is an Indian painter.
Liberty Films was an independent motion picture production company founded in California by Frank Capra and Samuel J. Briskin in April 1945.
Samir Kassir (Arabic: سمير قصير‎, 5 May 1960 – 2 June 2005) was a Lebanese-French professor of history at Saint-Joseph University and journalist.
Harlandale High School is a public high school located in the city of San Antonio, Texas (USA) and classified as a 5A school by the UIL.
María Felicidad González (1884 in Paraguarí, Paraguay & ndash; 1980 ) was a Paraguayan academic and feminist activist.
Damiano Damiani (23 July 1922 – 7 March 2013) was an Italian screenwriter, film director, actor and writer.
The Virginia Slims of Columbus is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated women's tennis tournament played from 1972 to 1973.
Intizar Hussain (Urdu: انتظار حسین‎, Hindi: इंतिज़ार हुसैन; 21 December 1925 – 2 February 2016) was a Pakistani writer of Urdu novels, short stories, poetry and nonfiction.
Go Woo-ri (born February 22, 1988), better known mononym Woori or Go Na-eun is a South Korean singer, rapper and actress.
Lee Sun-kyu (; born ) is a South Korean male volleyball player.
Wacky Races: Mad Motors is a 2007 racing video game developed by British studio Coyote Console and published by Blast!.
"On October 10, 2009, Rolando Tamayo sued director Ricardo Arnaiz over the film's plagiarized characters called "" Nikté "" , "" Kan "" and "" Kin "" ."
Matrix is the title of a Canadian-produced fantasy/adventure series that ran for 13 episodes during 1993 on the USA Network in the United States.
The Magnetic Monster is a 1953 independently made American black-and-white science fiction film, produced by Ivan Tors and George Van Marter, directed by Curt Siodmak and (uncredited) Herbert L. Strock, that stars Richard Carlson, King Donovan, and Jean Byron.
Herschend Family Entertainment (HFE) is a privately owned themed-entertainment company that operates several theme parks and tourist attractions within the United States.
Miss Navajo is a 2007 independent documentary film directed by Billy Luther.
The Falls City Limestone is a geologic formation in Nebraska.
The Curiosity of Chance is a 2006 comedy film directed by Russell P. Marleau, produced by Bigfoot Entertainment and starring Tad Hilgenbrink.
Piotr Bajdziak [ˈpjɔtr ˈbai̯d͡ʑak] (born 4 May 1984 in Łódź) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) playing currently for Czarni Żagań. Bajdziak played in Sweden for Sandvikens IF and Östersunds FK and later in Ireland for Sligo Rovers F.C., before returning to Poland in 2008.
Green Crystal Ties, Volume 1: Garage Band Rebels is the first installment in the Green Crystal Ties series of psychedelic and garage rock compilations issued by Collectables Records.
Guardafronteras is a 1981 Cuban drama film directed by Octavio Cortázar.
O Samba Poconé is the third studio album by Skank, released in 1996.
Ślepowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Lilys are an American indie rock band formed in Washington, D.C in 1988. The only constant member is Kurt Heasley, with the line-up changing regularly.
Teller Airport is a state-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 & nbsp;km) south of the central business district of Teller, a city in the Nome Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
The Beggar Prince is a lost 1920 film directed by William Worthington and produced by Sessue Hayakawa's Haworth Pictures Corporation.
Ránquil is a Chilean commune in Itata Province, Ñuble Region.
Murski Petrovci (pronounced [ˈmuːɾski pɛˈtɾoːu̯tsi]; Hungarian: Murapetrócz) is a village in the Municipality of Tišina in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia, next to the border with Austria.
Sir Martin le Marchant Hadsley Gosselin, (2 November 1847 – 26 February 1905) was a British diplomat who held the office of Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Portugal. Martin Gosselin was born at Walfield, near Hertford, on 2 November.
Wandolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Njabulo Ncube (born 14 October 1989) is a Zimbabwean cricketer.
Adio Kerida: Goodbye my Dear Love is an award-winning 2002 documentary by American anthropologist Ruth Behar that follows her trip to Cuba, which her family left when she was four.
The Jingshan or Jing Mountains (Chinese: 荆山) are a chain of mountains in the western part of Nanzhang County, Hubei Province, People’s Republic of China.
The Exhibition Hall of the Ministry of Culture () is an important government building in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women and Gay Men is a 2007 anthology co-edited by novelists Melissa de la Cruz and Tom Dolby, comprising 28 personal essays about the subject.
Baiko Gakuin University (梅光学院大学, Baikō gakuin daigaku) is a private university in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi, Japan.
Change Remains is the fourth and final studio album by the indie pop band Starlight Mints.
The Vaudevillains were a professional wrestling tag team in WWE, composed of Aiden English and Simon Gotch.
The Deaths of Ian Stone is a 2007 British-American horror film directed by Dario Piana. The film stars Mike Vogel and Christina Cole.
CHOW-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts a community radio format branded as Radio Boréale on 105.3 FM in Amos, Quebec.
Luise Kummer (born 29 June 1993 in Jena) is a German biathlete.
Al Bayda Governorate (Arabic: مُحَافَظَة ٱلْبَيْضَاء‎ Muḥāfaẓat Al-Bayḍāʾ), also spelt Al-Baidhah or Beida, is one of the governorates (muhafazat) of Yemen.
The Novia University of Applied Sciences (Swedish: Yrkeshögskolan Novia) is an institution of higher professional education (vocational university) in Finland.
Amazing Tater (known in Japan as Puzzle Boy II (パズルボーイII)) is a puzzle video game for the Game Boy from Atlus.
Leyte (/ˈleɪti, ˈleɪteɪ/ LAY-tee, LAY-tay) is an island in the Visayas group of islands in the Philippines.
Shu Yabushita (薮下 柊, Yabushita Shu, born 2 December 1998) is a former Team BII member of the Japanese idol girl group NMB48.
Emiliano Pizzoli (born 29 June 1974 in Rieti) is a former Italian hurdler.
Agnès Godard (born 28 May 1951) is a French cinematographer.
Once I Loved a Girl in Vienna (German: In Wien hab' ich einmal ein Mädel geliebt) is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Werner Fuetterer, Gretl Theimer and Ernö Verebes.
Elnatan Salami (Hebrew: אלנתן סלמי‎, born April 5, 1986) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Mahane Yehuda.
Linda Hart (born July 5, 1950) is an American singer, musician, and actress, mainly appearing in musical theatre. Hart was born in Dallas, Texas.
Maamaankam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam-language historical drama film directed and produced by Navodaya Appachan, made under Navodaya Studio.
The Latest Buzz is a Canadian teen sitcom from DHX Media that aired on Family in Canada from September 1, 2007 to April 19, 2010.
Helge Schneider (born 30 August 1955 in Mülheim an der Ruhr) is a German comedian, jazz musician and multi-instrumentalist, author, film and theatre director, and actor.
WMBB, virtual and VHF digital channel 13, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Panama City, Florida, United States.
Petr Stoilov (born 30 August 1975 in Plzeň) is a Czech professional footballer who plays for Černice Plzeň.
"Börde Lamstedt is a Samtgemeinde (""collective municipality"") in the district of Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany."
Farkë is a former municipality in the Tirana County, central Albania.
End of the Trail is a 1936 American western film directed by Erle C. Kenton and starring Jack Holt, Louise Henry and Douglass Dumbrille.
American Manners is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by James W. Horne.
CKMH-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an active rock format at 105.3 FM in Medicine Hat, Alberta.
Paralovo is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the town has a population of 133 people.
Bradley comes from a family with a strong footballing background. His brother Gabriel won two Ulster Championship medals with Derry in 1975 and 1976.
By the Throat is the third and final studio album by American hip hop duo Eyedea & Abilities.
Jean Charles Carbone (born 10 April 1979, Marseille, France) is a French-Italian record producer, arranger and composer.
Prince Rupert School was a secondary school in Rinteln, Lower Saxony, Germany, and was operated by the Service Children's Education for children of military personnel and its employees of the former British sector of West Germany.
Yoo Seung-ho (Korean: 유승호; Hanja: 俞承豪; born August 17, 1993) is a South Korean actor who rose to fame as a child actor in the film The Way Home (2002).
The Woggle-Bug Book is a 1905 children's book, written by L.
Judy Chu is the second of four children of Judson and May Chu, who were married in 1948.
Nerkin Khatunarkh (also, Nizhniy Khatunarkh) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.
Ryan Toolson (born March 21, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Baxi Manresa of the Liga ACB.
Jan Edbom (born 24 June 1957) is a Swedish former ice sledge hockey player. He won medals for Sweden at the 1994 Winter Paralympics and 1998 Winter Paralympics.
Mirza Hesari (, also Romanized as Mīrzā Ḩeşārī) is a village in Sofalgaran Rural District, Lalejin District, Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.
Skyhaven Airport (FAA LID: 76N) is a public use airport located in Eaton Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Beersheba bus bombings were two suicide bombings carried out nearly simultaneously aboard commuter buses in Beersheba, Israel, on August 31, 2004.
The Leica Vario-Elmarit-SL 24-90mm F2.8-4 ASPH is an interchangeable standard zoom lens for Leica L mount, announced by Leica on October 20, 2015.
Pomiarki [pɔˈmjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnówka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Old Friends is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark, released in 1988.
Amber Brown is a series of realistic fiction novellas for children created and originally written by Paula Danziger; later written by Elizabeth Levy and Bruce Coville.
In Blue is the second album released by The Static Jacks.
Jari Rantanen (born 31 December 1961 in Helsinki, Finland) is a retired football striker. During his club career, Rantanen notably played for HJK Helsinki and FinnPa, as well as spells abroad with Estoril Praia, K. Beerschot V.A.C., IFK Göteborg and Leicester City.
Roll is the third album by Australian alternative country musician Anne McCue.
The Golden Road (1965–1973) is a twelve-CD box set of the Grateful Dead's studio and live albums released during their time with Warner Bros. Records, from 1965 to 1973.
Kevin Quinn (born May 21, 1997 ) is an American actor.
Tshilidzi Marwala (born 28 July 1971) is a South African mechanical engineer and computer scientist.
Joseph Borneuf (26 September 1762 & ndash; 15 November 1819) was a Roman Catholic priest in Lower Canada.
KXOI 810 AM is a radio station licensed to Crane, Texas.
Bębnowo [bɛmbˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Epochs are an alternative rock band based in Brooklyn, New York, and fronted by the brothers Hays and Ryan Holladay.
"Hi Izuru Tokoro (日出処, ""The Land of the Rising Sun""), also known as Sunny, is a fifth studio album by Japanese musician Ringo Sheena released on November 5, 2014 by Universal Music Japan sublabel Virgin Records."
"Eencuentro Con El Milenio is the fourth studio album released by Los Mismos on November 16, 1999. ""Los Mismos Encuentro Con El Milenio""."
Bitter Rivals is the third studio album by American noise pop duo Sleigh Bells.
Gordon Keith Chalmers (7 February 1904 in Waukesha, Wisconsin & ndash; 8 May 1956 in Hyannis, Massachusetts) was a scholar of seventeenth-century English thought and letters, president of Rockford College and Kenyon College, and a national leader in American higher education.
Kentucky Route 94 (KY 94) is a 79.816-mile-long (128.451 km) state highway in Kentucky that runs from Tennessee State Route 78 at the Tennessee state line to KY 80 southwest of the unincorporated community of Aurora via Hickman, Water Valley, and Murray.
Alatriste is a 2006 Spanish epic historical fiction war film directed by Agustín Díaz Yanes, based on the main character of a series of novels written by Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Adventures of Captain Alatriste (Las aventuras del Capitán Alatriste).
$13,709,119 (2012–13) $15,370,237 (2010–11) Monessen City School District is a tiny, urban, public school district operating in southwestern Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania. It serves the city of Monessen, Pennsylvania.
The Lion of Amalfi or Il Leone di Amalfi is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Pietro Francisci.
Frida High School () is a private secondary school located in Vänersborg, Sweden.
The Democratic Arab Socialist Union ( Al-Ittihad Al-Ishtiraki Al-'Arabi Al-Dimuqratiy; French: Union arabe socialiste démocratique) is a Nasserist democratic socialist Syrian political party based in Paris, France.
Hell Yeah! is the fifth studio album by the American glam metal band Black 'n Blue, released in 2011.
In March 2007, Futuremark launched a website specialising in news and reviews of PC games, called YouGamers.
Mutair Mutair is a Kuwaitian football Goalkeeper who played for Kuwait in the 1984 Asian Cup.
On 1 September 2011, Brown gave birth to her third child, daughter Madison Brown Belafonte.
Swiebertje is a character from the books of Dutch author John Henri uit den Bogaard, who wrote a series of children's books based on the character from 1936 to 1974.
Behnam Afsheh (born 3 April 1983) http://www.persianleague.com/index.php/teams?sid=18 & view=player & id=379 is a former Iranian professional footballer.
Tour du Finistère is a single-day road bicycle race held annually in April around the city of Quimper, France.
Feels Like is the debut studio album by American rock band Bully, released in 2015.
Wąsewo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"Edwin "" Ed "" Searcy (born April 17, 1952) is a retired American professional basketball player. Ed Searcy NBA & ABA Stats | Basketball-Reference.com."
Olamide David was a Nigerian male child actor best known for playing a lead role in the movie Cobweb.
Ionel Augustin (born 11 October 1955) is a Romanian retired footballer.
Geeveston is a small town in the south of Tasmania in Australia on the Huon River, 62 & nbsp;km south west of Hobart, making it Australia's most southerly administrative centre.
Central Catholic High School, is a Catholic, co-educational, college prep secondary school in Toledo, Ohio.
Young Thugs: Innocent Blood (岸和田少年愚連隊　血煙り純情篇, Kishiwada shōnen gurentai: Chikemuri junjō-hen) is a 1997 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike.
Jeff Caster (born August 11, 1958) is an American film and television actor.
Lampung University (Indonesian: Universitas Lampung) is a public university in Bandar Lampung, Lampung, Indonesia.
"""Setian Massacre"" is a single by the American heavy metal band Iced Earth."
Body Without Soul () is a 1996 documentary film about a number of 14- to 17-year-old boys in Prague working as prostitutes. The creator of the documentary, Wiktor Grodecki, interviews the boys about their lives and how they got into sex work.
D-Day Remembered is a 1994 American documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim for The National D-Day Museum.
Đunis is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 812 people.
Jean-Marie Cuoq (born 21 September 1967) is a French rally driver.
Rider, Reaper is the twenty-second book in the series of Deathlands. It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
J.League Data Site Asuki Oishi played for Zweigen Kanazawa from 2013 to 2015.
Mała Wyskoć [ˈmawa ˈvɨskɔt͡ɕ] (German: Birkvorwerk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Princess Maria Francesca of Savoy (Maria Francesca Anna Romana; 26 December 1914 – 7 December 2001) was the youngest daughter of Victor Emmanuel III of Italy and Elena of Montenegro.
Nikolai Ge was born in Voronezh to a Russian noble family of French origin.
Słonin [ˈswɔnin] (German: Sandwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
III is the third studio album by American black metal band Bosse-de-Nage, released on June 26, 2012.
WolfCop is a 2014 Canadian superhero film written and directed by Lowell Dean and starring Jesse Moss, Amy Matysio, Jonathan Cherry, Sarah Lind, Aidan Devine, Corrine Conley and Leo Fafard.
Jessica Boehrs (born 5 March 1980) is a German singer and actress.
Damarukam is a 2012 Indian Telugu-language action fantasy film produced by R. R. Venkat on R. R. Movie Makers banner and written and directed by Srinivasa Reddy, cinematography by Chota K. Naidu.
Kagaar: Life on the Edge is a 2003 Indian Hindi-language crime drama film starring Om Puri, Nandita Das, Amitabh Dayal, Anup Soni. The film was directed by N. Chandra and produced by Mrunalinni Patil, with Vishal Bhardwaj as music director.
WSKY (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious format. Licensed to Asheville, North Carolina, United States.
The Shire of Minhamite was a local government area located about west of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.
Back to Budokan is a live album CD and DVD by the hard rock band Mr. Big, released on October 16, 2009 in Europe and October 27, 2009 in the USA.
Doña Mencía is a city located in the province of Córdoba, Spain. According to the 2006 census (INE), the city has a population of 5001.
Coordinació Catalana de Colònies, Casals i Clubs d’Esplai[pronunciation?] (CCCCCE) is a Catholic youth organization in Catalonia.
"The researchers studying the cases referred to Røed as the ""Norwegian Sailor"" and the anagram ""Arvid Noe"" to conceal his identity; his true name, Arne Vidar Røed, became known after his death."
Ratton School is a secondary school with academy status in Eastbourne, East Sussex, England.
Saga Airlines was a charter airline based in Istanbul, Turkey, which served the tourism industry.
Isglem (established 1987 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian musical duo comprising Karl Seglem and Terje Isungset. Their traditional music and free jazz-based expression involves an unusual amount of improvisation and has given the pairing a pioneer stamp.
He was educated at Nelson College (1887–1896), a school his grandfather, Alfred Fell, helped found in 1856. He married Marion White in 1908 and had four sons and one daughter.
St. Clair Avenue is a major east-west street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Alexander Garvin (born March 8, 1941) is a noted American urban planner, educator, and author.
Kępie Zaleszańskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaleszany, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
"Edward Bertram Garland (January 9, 1895 – January 22, 1980) was a New Orleans jazz string bass player. He was commonly known as ""Ed Garland"", and sometimes ""Montudie Garland"" (a nickname he disliked)."
Summit Middle School is a grade 6 to 8 public middle school within School District 43 Coquitlam, British Columbia.
Pekinška Patka (trans. Peking Duck) is a self-titled compilation album by the Serbian punk rock/post-punk band Pekinška Patka, released in 2006, featuring remastered recordings of all of the band's releases.
The Diary of a Slumlord is a 2013 docufiction film starring Matt Reaves about a fictional crime lord.
Karsten Hutwelker (born 27 August 1971) is a German former professional footballer who played as a right wing-back. He last managed Wuppertaler SV.
All the Queen's Men is a 2001 English-language German-Austrian action comedy war film directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky and starring Matt LeBlanc and Eddie Izzard.
Smita Gondkar is an Indian actress who works primarily in Marathi and Hindi films.
Linda Richards (July 27, 1841 & ndash; April 16, 1930) was the first professionally trained American nurse.
""" Boys and Girls "" is a song by the British synthpop group The Human League."
A Storm in the Rocky Mountains, Mt. Rosalie is an 1866 landscape oil painting by German-American painter Albert Bierstadt that was inspired by sketches created on an 1863 expedition.
Resolution is a 2006 album by instrumental rock solo artist Andy Timmons.
Natalija Obrenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Наталија Обреновић; 15 May 1859 – 8 May 1941), née Keschko (Russian: Наталья Кешко), known as Natalie of Serbia, was the Princess of Serbia from 1875 to 1882 and then Queen of Serbia from 1882 to 1889 as the wife of Milan I of Serbia.
This Is It: The Very Best Of is a compilation album by dance-pop singer Dannii Minogue released in 2013.
Conan the Avenger is a 1968 collection of two fantasy works written by Björn Nyberg, Robert E. Howard and L.
Jack Diamond, CC OBC (April 9, 1909 – March 25, 2001) was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist. Born in Lubience in Galicia, Diamond immigrated to Vancouver in 1927.
Cherry Ripe is a romance novel by the British writer Ellen Buckingham Mathews under her pen name of Helen Matthews, which was first published in 1878.
Imran Sahib (born 12 October 1982) is a former Singapore international footballer. Previously, he played for Sembawang Rangers, Woodlands Wellington, Home United & Young Lions.
"Harding's father, Louis Arthur ""Curly"" Harding, a navigator in the RAF, was killed in the Second World War."
The soundtrack to Planet Terror (Robert Rodriguez's segment of Grindhouse) was released on April 3, 2007 from Varèse Sarabande, though the score managed to sell on iTunes a week early.
Pierre Vernier (19 August 1580 at Ornans, Franche-Comté, Spanish Habsburgs (now France) – 14 September 1637, same location) was a French mathematician and instrument inventor.
Karl Kamrath (April 25, 1911 – January 29, 1988) was an American architect and tennis player.
Nangarhar University (Pashto: د ننګرهار پوهنتون‎) (Dari: دانشگاه ننگرهار) is a government-funded higher learning institution in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.
Kościelniki Górne-Janówka [kɔɕt͡ɕɛlˈniki ˈɡurnɛ jaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Randy Bolden (born c. 1976) is an American former professional basketball player who is better known for his collegiate career at Texas Southern University between 1994–95 and 1997–98.
Arieh Lubin (, 1897–1980) was an Israeli artist.
Paul Hunter Barratt, AO is a former senior Australian public servant and policymaker. Paul Barratt, aged two, and his family moved to Armidale in 1946.
DR-4 is the fourth numbered highway of the Dominican Republic. It starts from Santo Domingo eastwards to San Pedro de Macorís and then to the north to Hato Mayor del Rey and again eastwards ending in the San Rafael del Yuma (or Boca de Yuma).
Robert D. Webb (January 8, 1903 – April 18, 1990) was an Academy Award–winning film director.
Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola (transl. Matru's Bijlee's Mandola) is a 2013 Indian satirical black comedy film produced by Vishal Bhardwaj along with Fox Star Studios.
"Rekhtin Maxim (, born 9 June 1994) - Kazakhstan athlete, dancer, journalist, presenter, and blogger. ""."
"Lady Gangster is a 1942 Warner Bros. B picture film noir directed by Robert Florey, credited as ""Florian Roberts""."
"Your and My Secret, known in Japan as lit. ""My and Her Three X's"" (Japanese: 僕と彼女の×××, Hepburn: Boku to Kanojo no Peke Mittsu), is a manga series by Ai Morinaga."
Kathleen Marshall (born September 28, 1962) is an American director, choreographer, and creative consultant.
Behala Airport is located at Behala in the city of Kolkata, India.
Braćevci is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 12 people.
Helen Haye (born Helen Hay, 28 August 1874 – 1 September 1957) was a British stage and film actress.
Halo is a 1996 Indian film directed by Santosh Sivan.
PASOK Youth (, translit. & nbsp;Neolaia PASOK) is the youth organization of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) party of Greece.
DeRonn Scott Jr. (born April 26, 1991) is an American former professional basketball player.
Chicago ORT Technical Institute, located in Skokie, Illinois, is part of a 130-year-old, worldwide network of more than 800 non-profit vocational training schools.
Fuel to the Flames is the seventh album by the German hard rock band Bonfire.
The British College (also known as TBC) is an independent institution located in Trade Tower Business Center Thapathali, Kathmandu.
Yumna Zaidi (born July 30, 1989) is a Pakistani television actress.
Tasman Cargo Airlines Pty. Limited is a cargo airline based in Sydney, Australia.
"Helen May Butler (1867–1957) was an American bandleader and composer who has been called ""The female Sousa""."
Hangar inspection 2009 Shimofusa Air Base festival 2016 YS-11 T-A is a military aerodrome of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Jason Rich (born May 5, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for Gaziantep Basketbol of the Turkish Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL).
Leone Pompucci (born 15 August 1961 in Rome) is an Italian film director.
"Denise Masson (5 August 1901 – 10 November 1994), nicknamed ""the Lady of Mrrakech"", was a 20th-century French islamologist who translated the Quran from Arabic into French, published in 1967."
Yeh To Kamaal Ho Gaya () is a 1982 Hindi language film directed by T.
The Temple and the Lodge is a book written by Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh, in which the authors claim to trace a link between the suppressed Knights Templar and modern day Freemasonry.
Anuj-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Anūj-e Sofla) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Francis Cosmo Migliaccio (born October 17, 1956), known as Fran Cosmo, is an American musician best known as a former lead singer of the bands Boston and Orion the Hunter.
Boomerang: Coast to Coaster is a steel roller coaster of shuttle design currently in use at four different Six Flags & EPR theme parks.
Saeeda Iqbal (Urdu: سعیدہ اقبال b. 29 December 1947) is a Pakistani Politician and a Member of Senate of Pakistan.
This Is Walt Dickerson! is the debut album led by vibraphonist and composer Walt Dickerson recorded in 1961 and released on the New Jazz label.
Nowe Kowalewo [ˈnɔvɛ kɔvaˈlɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Chong Hyon-jong (Hangul: 정현종) is a South Korean writer and reporter.
Dhruva Sarja (born 6 October 1988) is an Indian actor who appears in Kannada films.
Sorga Theevu (Tamil: சொர்க்கத்தீவு, Sorkkattīvu, lit. Heavenly Island) is a novel by Sujatha Rangarajan published in the early 1970s.
Jicarilla War American Civil War Navajo Wars Plains Indian Wars Christopher Houston Carson (December 24, 1809 – May 23, 1868), better known as Kit Carson, was an American frontiersman.
Spinosity is the second EP release by Australian pop-rock band The Sharp.
Oscar Román Acosta (born 18 October 1964 in Rosario) is a retired Argentine football midfielder who won two Primera División Argentina titles with Ferro Carril Oeste.
Roberto Chiacig (born 1 December 1974 in Cividale del Friuli, Italy) is an Italian professional basketball player for Gecom Mens Sana 1871 Siena of the Serie B Basket.
Tenniken is a municipality in the district of Sissach in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.
Glasserton is a civil parish in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.
Christopher Strong (also known as The Great Desire and The White Moth) is a 1933 American pre-Code romantic drama film produced by RKO and directed by Dorothy Arzner.
Alexander McCurdy Jr. (August 18, 1905 in Eureka, California – June 1, 1983 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an organist and educator who taught a generation of America's most-prominent performers.
Jacob Tonson, sometimes referred to as Jacob Tonson the Elder (1655–1736), was an eighteenth-century English bookseller and publisher.
Anthea Shirley Askey (2 March 1933 – 28 February 1999) was an English actress who was popular on television in the 1950s. Anthea Askey was born in Golders Green, north London, to the comedian and actor Arthur Askey, and his wife Elizabeth May Swash (b.
Albert Dieudonné (26 November 1889 – 19 March 1976) was a French actor, screenwriter, film director and novelist.
The Greatest Hits Collection is the first greatest hits compilation album by American country music artist Alan Jackson.
Yuya Sato (佐藤友哉, Satō Yūya, born 1980) is a Japanese novelist from Hokkaido Prefecture. He won the 21st Mephisto Prize for Flicker Style, and the 20th Yukio Mishima Prize for 1000 Novels and Backbeard.
L. B. Harvey was an American football coach.
Şennur Demir (born 10 August 1982) is a Turkish female boxer competing in the heavyweight (+81 kg) division. She is from Bartın.
Les Agneaux is a 1996 Swiss drama film directed by Marcel Schüpbach.
Jose Carlo Dela Cruz Gonzalez, better known for his stage name Carlo Gonzales, is a Filipino actor who lost in Survivor Philippines: Celebrity Doubles Showdown.
Slatina is a village in the municipality of Šabac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 251 people.
Nadiya Ke Paar (lit. 'Across the river') is a 1948 Indian Bollywood film directed by Kishore Sahu.
Bieniędzice [bjɛɲɛnˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Otello Profazio (born 26 December 1936) is an Italian cantastorie, folk singer-songwriter and author.
Riviera F is an electropop band created in London, United Kingdom.
Bring Me the Rest of Alfredo Garcia - Singles 1995-1996 was the first compilation album by The Flaming Stars.
A Visitor to a Museum (Russian: Посетитель музея, translit. Posetitel muzeya) is a 1989 Soviet post-apocalyptic drama film directed by Konstantin Lopushansky.
123 is a 2002 Indian Tamil language romantic comedy film directed by K.
Final Fantasy XIV is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed and published by Square Enix.
The Allomet Corporation is a privately owned company located in North Huntingdon, Pennsylvania that produces a line of patented powdered metal products known as EternAloy® Tough-Coated Hard Powders (TCHP).
"""I Need You"" is a song written by David Lee and Tony Lane, and performed by American country music artist Tim McGraw and his wife, Faith Hill as a duet."
LASALLE College of the Arts (informally LASALLE) is a public post-secondary arts and design institution in Singapore.
Czesław Strumiłło (17 February 1930 – 30 September 2018) was a Polish chemical engineer, a founder of a scientific theory in the field of drying processes and a former rector of the Lodz University of Technology.
Bongajg () is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Karl Fulves (born 1939) is a magician and author and editor of publications on magic, including the Pallbearers Review. Karl Fulves lives in Fair Lawn, New Jersey.
Bolkiah was the 5th Sultan of Brunei. He ascended the throne upon the abdication of his father, Sultan Sulaiman, and ruled Brunei from 1485 to 1524.
Coordinates: 38°55′56″N 77°33′57″W﻿ / ﻿38.9321°N 77.5658°W﻿ / 38.9321; -77.5658 John Champe High School is a public secondary school in Aldie, an unincorporated community in Loudoun County, Virginia, United States.
Gypsy Taub (born Oxana Chornenky in 1969) is a Russian American naturism advocate, 9/11 truther, and body freedom activist in the San Francisco public nudity movement.
Ciril Bergles (18 July 1934 – 25 August 2013) was a Slovene poet, essayist and translator.
Ross Bellah (January 27, 1907 – February 2, 2004) was an American art director, primarily for Columbia Pictures.
Cham is the second novel by John Llewellyn Rhys Prize winning British writer Jonathan Trigell.
Longham is a village situated in the Breckland District of Norfolk and covers an area of 540 hectares (2.1 square miles) with a population of 219 in 100 households at the 2001 census, Census population and household counts for unparished urban areas and all parishes.
Two Alone is a 1934 American Pre-Code film directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Tom Brown and Jean Parker.
Adventure is the debut studio album by French DJ and record producer Madeon.
Somchai Chuayboonchum (Thai สมชาย ชวยบุญชุม) is a Thai football coach and former footballer. He played as midfielder for Thailand national team.
Born in Achnacarry Castle, Fort William, Scotland, Allan Cameron was the son of Colonel Sir Donald Walter Cameron.
Egil Nyhus, 2005. He was born in Tønsberg as the twin brother of illustrator/writer Svein Nyhus.
Thiel College is a private liberal arts college in Greenville, Pennsylvania.
Cyberspace is a cyberpunk role-playing game published by Iron Crown Enterprises and using a somewhat modified version of their Spacemaster ruleset.
Maximum Ride is a series of young adult fantasy novels by the author James Patterson, with an OEL adaptation published by Yen Press.
Patrick O'Donovan (born 21 March 1977) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Minister of State for Public Procurement, Open Government and eGovernment since June 2017.
Gunnar Neels-Hansson (27 July 1883 & ndash; 9 June 1967) was a Norwegian theatre director. He was born in Kristiania to Thora Elisabeth Neelsen and Olaf Mørch Hansson.
The Plague of the Zombies is a 1966 Hammer film directed by John Gilling and starring André Morell, John Carson, Jacqueline Pearce, Brook Williams and Michael Ripper.
Roze Kate is a 1912 Dutch silent drama film thriller directed by Oscar Tourniaire.
""" Compared to What "" is a composition, with lyrics, by Gene McDaniels."
Kostanay Region (Kazakh: Қостанай облысы, romanized: Qostanaı oblysy; Russian: Костанайская Область, romanized: Kustanayskaya Oblast) is a region of Kazakhstan.
{{Infobox musical artist | name = Sounds from the Ground | image = Sounds From The Ground - Woolfson, Jones.jpg | caption = Nick Woolfson and Elliot Jones in 2009.
Shahriar Manzoor is a Bangladeshi competitive programmer and computer scientist.
Ayres Corporation was a US aircraft manufacturer owned and run by Fred Ayres.
Sylvain Guintoli (born 24 June 1982 in Montélimar) is a French professional motorcycle racer.
The Coast of Colorado is the debut album by American country music artist Skip Ewing.
Epocheclipse is a 1999 compilation set by Hawkwind covering their entire career. It was released in two formats, a triple CD box set 30 Year Anthology and a single disc The Ultimate Best of.
I Never Been in Vienna (Spanish: Nunca estuve en Viena) is a 1989 Argentine drama film directed by Antonio Larreta.
Leon Gordis (1934–2015) was an American epidemiologist, professor and author, whose textbook Epidemiology provided a foundation for the understanding of epidemiologic principles and clinical applications.
Strange Strings is an album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Astro Infinity Arkestra.
V. Nagaraj (Tamil: வி. நாகராஜ்) (born 20 November 1962) also known as Director Naga is a prominent Malaysian director, producer, distributor and consultant.
Abraham Cruzvillegas (born 1968, Mexico City) is a Mexican visual artist.
Mikko Koivisto (born April 18, 1987) is a Finnish basketball player.
Auguste Bravais (French pronunciation: ​[oɡyst bʁavɛ]; 23 August 1811, Annonay, Ardèche – 30 March 1863, Le Chesnay, France) was a French physicist known for his work in crystallography, the conception of Bravais lattices, and the formulation of Bravais law.
The Southwest Times Record is a daily newspaper in Fort Smith, Arkansas and covers 10 counties in western Arkansas and eastern Oklahoma.
Rog (Hindi: रोग, Urdu: روگ‎, translation: malady), is a Bollywood romance thriller film directed by Himanshu Brahmbhatt, written by Mahesh Bhatt and produced by Pooja Bhatt.
Vardi is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Umesh Mehra.
Heistenbach is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Protect Me Knight (まもって騎士, Mamotte Naito) is a retro style action tower defense video game developed by Ancient for the Xbox 360’s Xbox Live Indie Games service.
Love is the ninth studio album by Cloud Cult, released on March 5, 2013.
Resistance is the first EP or mini-album (second overall release) by Mika Nakashima, though the title track later appears on her Love album.
{{Infobox record label | name = Musical Heritage Society | image = | image_size = | parent = Passionato | founded = | founder = Michael Naida T.
"Orchid marks the band's departure from their early powerviolence-influenced sound in favor of a more traditional screamo/post-hardcore sound. The record has earned the nickname "" Gatefold "" from the album sleeve with which it was pressed."
"Beto's son, Beto Quintanilla Jr., recorded an album of his father's songs, ""Homenaje a Mi Padre""."
Pochtovo-Telegrafnyi Zhurnal (; Post and Telegraph Journal) was an official magazine of the Russian postal authorities between 1888 and 1919. The magazine was published in St. Petersburg from 1888 to 1916 by the Chief Directorate of Posts and Telegraphs of the Russian Empire.
The Light, the Dark and the Endless Knot is the second studio album by the Northern Irish Celtic metal band Waylander.
Phoenix is the seventh studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead.
Saint-Petersburg State University of Architecture and Civil Engineering (SPSUACE) () is a Russian federal state-owned higher education institution based in Saint Petersburg. It is the oldest architecture university in the country.
Meredead is the fourth studio album by the German/Norwegian symphonic metal band Leaves' Eyes.
Resident Evil: Degeneration, known in Japan as Biohazard: Degeneration (バイオハザード：ディジェネレーション, Baiohazādo: Dijenerēshon), is a 2008 Japanese adult animated biopunk action horror film directed by Makoto Kamiya.
The Scold's Bridle (1994) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters.
L'enfance de l'art is a 1988 French drama film directed by Francis Girod.
Rhysently Granted were a musical comedy duo consisting of New Zealand comedians Rhys Darby and Grant Lobban.
Dr. Daud Shah Saba (born 1964) is a politician in Afghanistan, who is serving as Governor of Herat Province since August 2010 when his predecessor Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani had resigned from the post.
Stephen Massicotte (born April 18, 1969 in Trenton, Ontario) is a Canadian playwright, screenwriter and actor from Calgary, Alberta.
I Am Afraid (Italian: Io ho paura) is an Italian crime film directed by Damiano Damiani.
Gródkówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Thollem McDonas is an American pianist, improviser, composer, singer-songwriter, touring performer, musical educator, and social critic.
František Konvička (born August 11, 1939 in Okříšky, Czechoslovakia) is a former Czech professional basketball player and coach.
Feridhoo (Dhivehi: ފެރިދޫ) is one of the inhabited islands of Ari Atoll, located on its eastern fringe.
Acoustic Empathy is Nathan Stickman's first studio album recorded live direct to tape.
Porunnanore is a village near Tharuvana in Wayanad district in the state of Kerala, India. As of 2001[update] India census, Porunnanore had a population of 19609 with 9864 males and 9745 females.
Penn State New Kensington is a commonwealth campus of the Pennsylvania State University and it is located in New Kensington, Pennsylvania.
"""Don't Give Candy to a Stranger"" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Larry Boone."
Fred Wolf (born November 7, 1964 in New York City) is an American film director, screenwriter, television writer, and former stand-up comedian.
Brian Cusworth (born March 9, 1984) is a retired American professional basketball player.
The Cuckoo (Russian: «Кукушка», translit. Kukuška) is a 2002 Russian historical comedy drama film directed by Aleksandr Rogozhkin.
T. N. Anandanayaki was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
Vijay Raaz is an Indian film actor and Director.
Justin Somper is the British author of the Vampirates and the Allies & Assassins children's novel series. He was born in St Albans and graduated from the University of Warwick.
La Cumbre Airport (, ) is a public use airport serving La Cumbre, a town in the Córdoba Province of Argentina.
Meyvan (Persian: ميوان‎, also Romanized as Meyvān) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District, Bayangan District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Gallant Fox (March 23, 1927 – November 13, 1954) was a United States Thoroughbred horseracing champion.
Jhanjha was Shilahara ruler of north Konkan branch from 910 CE – 930 CE. Vappuvanna was followed by Jhanjha .
In 1978, Hubel and Wiesel were awarded the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from Columbia University. David H. Hubel was born in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, to American parents in 1926.
The Cynic, the Rat and the Fist () is an Italian poliziotteschi film directed in 1977 by Umberto Lenzi.
Booker Pittman or Pitman (3 March 1909, Fairmount Heights, Maryland, USA - 19 October 1969, Rio de Janeiro, Brasil) was the son of Portia Pittman and a grandson of Booker T. Washington.
Orosia is a 1944 Spanish drama film directed by Florián Rey and starring Blanca de Silos, José Nieto and Nicolás D. Perchicot.
Ad-Diyar (Arabic: الديار‎ meaning The Home) is an Arabic-language daily newspaper published in Beirut, Lebanon.
Soul Stirrin' is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green, recorded in 1958 and released on the Blue Note label.
Nine Sons Of Dan is a band originating from Coffs Harbour on the North Coast of NSW, Australia, it consists of members Jay Bainbridge, Daniel Cox, Alex Pundyk, Wil Edgar, and Morgan Blake.
Berry Hill High School and Sports College was a mixed, secondary school located on Arbourfield Drive, Berry Hill, Stoke-on-Trent.
Rewind That is a studio album by American jazz trumpeter Christian Scott on Concord Records released on March 28, 2006.
Mahbuba Rahman (née Hasnat; born 3 March 1935) is a Bangladeshi singer.
Kamagni is a 1987 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ashok Kumar, starring Tina Munim, (Mr.
International Competitions and Assessments for Schools (ICAS) is a suite of six full-colour competitions designed specifically for primary and secondary students.
Lisl Frank (22 January 1911 – 4 October 1944) achieved success as a singer, dancer and actress before World War II.
Henry George Carroll, (January 31, 1865 & ndash; August 20, 1939) was a Canadian politician, jurist and the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec from 1929 to 1934 and the last anglophone to serve in that position to the present day.
Eutaw Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 3A7) is a city-owned, public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Eutaw, a city in Greene County, Alabama, United States.
Coup d'Etat + One of a Kind & Heartbreaker (stylized as COUP D’ETAT [+ ONE OF A KIND & HEARTBREAKER]) is the first Japanese studio album by South Korean artist G-Dragon, member of the K-pop group Big Bang.
The Scenesters is a 2009 art-house black comedy film written and directed by Todd Berger.
Oued Seguen is a town and commune in Mila Province, Algeria. At the 1998 census it had a population of 11792.
Osman Abdel Hafeez (30 March 1917 & ndash; 14 August 1958) was an Egyptian fencer.
My Dateless Diary is a collection of autobiographical essays by R.
KDDF is a class A radio station broadcasting out of Mecca, California.
Valérie Trierweiler (; née Massonneau; born 16 February 1965) is a French journalist and author.
Davis Filfred (born 1967) is an American politician for the Navajo Nation Council Delegate in the Utah Navajo Section.
Peace and Noise is the seventh studio album by Patti Smith, released September 30, 1997 on Arista Records.
He played Gaelic football with his local club Dunmore McHales and with the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1960s. John Donnellan was born in Dunmore, County Galway in 1937.
Aadigere is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Raesfeld (German pronunciation: [ˈʁaːsfɛlt]) is a municipality in the district of Borken in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Faith in the Future is the second studio album by the American indie rock musician Craig Finn, released on September 11, 2015 on Partisan Records.
Erwin Mulder (; born 3 March 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Swansea City. He is a former Netherlands U20's international and also received a call up to the senior Netherlands side in 2012.
"Natsuko no Sake (夏子の酒, literally ""Natsuko's Sake"") is a Japanese manga series by Akira Oze."
Dildar Pervaiz Bhatti (30 November 1946 – 30 October 1994) was a multi award-winning Pakistani television and a radio host, college professor and a TV program announcer.
Channel 9 is a satellite TV channel from Bangladesh.
Watertown High School is the local high school, built in 1925, for Watertown, Massachusetts, United States.
Watching the Snow is a jazz album by American singer Michael Franks.
Grail was a free extensible multi-platform web browser written in the Python programming language.
Princess Clementina is a 1911 British silent historical adventure film, directed and produced by William G.B.
The Rough Guide to Tango is a world music compilation album originally released in 1999.
Pleszew ([ˈplɛʂɛf]; German: Pleschen) is a town in Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, about 90 km southeast of Poznań.
The Annual John Mayer Holiday Charity Revue began in December 2007. The first event was a charity concert performance held by American musician John Mayer on December 8, 2007.
Christos Dimitrakopoulos (born (1974-07-01)1 July 1974) is a retired Greek male volleyball player. He was part of the Greece men's national volleyball team at the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship in Argentina.
Straight Time is a 1978 American crime drama film directed by Ulu Grosbard and starring Dustin Hoffman, Theresa Russell, Gary Busey, Harry Dean Stanton, M. Emmet Walsh and Kathy Bates.
"WLAR (1450 AM, "" Athens Greatest Hits "" ) is a radio station broadcasting the Classic Hits format from Dial-Global. Licensed to Athens, Tennessee, United States, the station is currently owned by Randall W. Sliger, and features programming from ABC News and Motor Racing Network."
Philippe Sudré Dartiguenave (6 April 1863 – 26 July 1926) was a Haitian political figure.
Agareb (Tunisian Arabic: عقارب‎) is a coastal town and commune in eastern Tunisia in the Sfax Governorate.
Pir Mehr Ali Shah Arid Agriculture University, Rawalpindi (PMAS-Arid University) is in Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan.
Kedi (English: Conman) is a 2010 Indian Telugu-language action film produced by D.Sivaprasad Reddy under the Kamakshi Movies banner and directed by Kiran Kumar.
Ten Thousand Angels is the debut studio album of American country music singer Mindy McCready.
Jon Robin Baitz (born November 4, 1961) is an American playwright, screenwriter and television producer.
Todd N. Terry (born April 18, 1967) is an American DJ, record producer and remixer. Todd Terry is a New York DJ and Producer, who was primarily responsible for moving House music beyond the early Chicago sound of 1984–86.
Reptilia is a Japanese horror manga written and illustrated by Kazuo Umezu.
Martina Anderson (born 16 April 1962) is an Irish politician from Northern Ireland who was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) representing Northern Ireland for Sinn Féin from 2012 to 2020.
Generations is the twelfth studio album by the American rock band Journey.
Adekoya Adesegun Abdel-Majid (born March 21, 1961) is a Nigerian politician representing Ijebu-North / Ijebu-East / Ogun Waterside Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives in Nigeria.
KNLP (89.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian format as an affiliate of Here's Help Network. Licensed to Potosi, Missouri, United States, the station is currently owned by New Life Evangelistic Center and features programming from Salem Communications.
Rahima Naz (Urdu: رحیمہ ناز‎) (born 14 February 1986) is a Pakistani poet of Urdu and the Khowar language.
Yahia Ouahabi (born 1 August 1940) is a retired Algerian footballer who played as a defender. Ouahabi was born in Sidi-Aïssa, Algeria.
Ernesto Pastor Lavergne (April 4, 1892 - June 11, 1921) was the first of only two Puerto Rican-born bullfighters (toreros) to gain international fame, the other being Juan Ramón Fernandez.
John Anthony Walker Jr. (July 28, 1937 & nbsp;– August 28, 2014) was a United States Navy chief warrant officer and communications specialist convicted of spying for the Soviet Union from 1968 to 1985 and sentenced to life in prison.
Lourdes Cecilia Fernández (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈlowɾðes seˈsilja feɾˈnandes]; born 2 April 1981) is an Argentine singer-songwriter, composer and actress.
Sakineh Almasi (, born 1979) is an Iranian politician and the current member of the Parliament of Iran, representing Kangan, Jam, Dayyer and Asaluyeh district.
SoCon's logo in UNC Greensboro colors The UNC Greensboro Spartans are the athletic teams that represent the University of North Carolina at Greensboro in Greensboro, North Carolina.
A Pound of Flesh for 50p, also known as Melting House, was a temporary outdoor sculpture by artist Alex Chinneck, located in London, United Kingdom.
KUUB (94.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a sports format. Licensed to Sun Valley, Nevada, United States, it serves the Central and Northern Nevada area.
"KVHT (106.3 FM, ""Classic Hits 106.3"") is a radio station licensed to serve Vermillion, South Dakota."
Stockport Express is the local newspaper of Stockport, England.
Wizards at War is the eighth book in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane.
Sacred Heart Greenwich, formally known as the Convent of the Sacred Heart, is a private, independent Catholic all-girls college-preparatory school from kindergarten through twelfth grade with a coed preschool and prekindergarten located in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Aleksander Brückner (Polish pronunciation: [alɛkˈsandɛr ˈbryknɛr]; 29 January 1856 – 24 May 1939) was a Polish scholar of Slavic languages and literatures (Slavistics), philologist, lexicographer and historian of literature.
Marilyn Henry (March 5, 1953 – March 1, 2011) was an American author, columnist, journalist, historian and archivist for matters pertaining to Holocaust reparations, survivor benefits and art looted by the Nazis.
Synical are an alternative rock act based in Hollywood, California, formed in 1989 by Brian Haught and continuing on today. Guitarist Eric Griffin later went on to play with the band Murderdolls.
Trouble in the Glen is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Margaret Lockwood, Orson Welles, Forrest Tucker and Victor McLaglen.
He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Tulsa Talons in 2010. Jeff Hughley attended Averett University.
Aya Itō (伊藤 彩, Itō Aya, born October 11, 1991), better known by her stage name Luna Haruna (春奈 るな, Haruna Runa) is a Japanese singer and fashion model from Tokyo who is signed to Sacra Music.
John Albert Janisch (March 15, 1920 – August 29, 1992) was an American professional basketball player. John Janisch BAA stats.
"""Notebook Found in a Deserted House"" is a Cthulhu Mythos short story by American writer Robert Bloch."
Tony Romeo (December 25, 1938 – June 23, 1995) was an American songwriter.
Knut Pani (b. Mexico City, 1956) is a Mexican painter and sculptor.
Everytime We Touch is the first album by German Eurodance trio Cascada (consisting of DJ Manian, Natalie Horler and Yanou).
& pid=94902237 John Sullivan Obituary - Homewood, IL | Chicago Sun-Times Retrieved 2017-02-18.
"Drama y Luz (English: "" Drama and Light "" ) is the eighth studio album released by the Mexican Latin pop/Rock en Español band Maná."
Mind Body & Soul is the second studio album by English singer and songwriter Joss Stone.
Les Acteurs de bonne foi is a comedy in one act and in prose written by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux and performed for the first time on October 30, 1749.
The Excommunication of Christ is the first full-length studio album by the black metal band The Meads of Asphodel.
Francisco Javier de Elío (Pamplona, 1767 – Valencia, 1822), was a Spanish soldier, governor of Montevideo and the last Viceroy of the Río de la Plata.
Lotrando a Zubejda is a Czech musical fairy-tale. It was directed by Karel Smyczek.
John Hasbrouck Van Vleck (March 13, 1899 – October 27, 1980) was an American physicist and mathematician. He was co-awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1977, for his contributions to the understanding of the behavior of electrons in magnetic solids.
Suurpalu is a village in Paide Parish, Järva County in northern-central Estonia.
The British International School Ho Chi Minh City (BIS HCMC) is an international school in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, offering a British style education.
Tentacles (Italian title: Tentacoli) is a 1977 Italian-American horror film directed by Ovidio G. Assonitis and starring John Huston, Shelley Winters, Bo Hopkins and Henry Fonda.
Boss Film Studios was a prominent American visual effects company, founded by visual effects veteran Richard Edlund after his departure from Industrial Light and Magic, producing visual effects for over thirty films from 1983 to 1997.
Giorgi Gadrani (; 30 September 1994) is a professional Georgian football defender. He has also played for FC Chornomorets Odessa in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Bluegrass Parkway near Bloomfield I-64 in Shelbyville US 60 / KY 55 Bus. in Shelbyville Kentucky Route 55 (KY 55) is a 140.858-mile-long (226.689 km) state highway in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky.
"Kidz in da Hood (Swedish title: Förortsungar lit. "" Suburb kids "" ) is a 2006 Swedish film directed by Catti Edfeldt and Ylva Gustavsson."
Schloss Einstein is a long-running, popular German television series which is designed as a teenage soap opera.
Béla Rajki-Reich (February 2, 1909 – July 20, 2000) was a Hungarian swimming coach and water polo coach. Rajki was born in Budapest.
Native Son (1940) is a novel written by the American author Richard Wright.
Durand of the Bad Lands is a 1925 American silent western film directed by Lynn Reynolds and starring Buck Jones, Marian Nixon, and Malcolm Waite.
French Lick Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of French Lick, a town in Orange County, Indiana, United States.
Flight of the Butterflies is a 2012 Canadian documentary film directed and co-written by Mike Slee for 3D IMAX, starring Megan Follows, Gordon Pinsent, and Shaun Benson.
Steal My Heart (; lit. Catch Me) is a 2013 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Lee Hyeon-jong, starring Kim Ah-joong and Joo Won.
Muhammad Hatta Rajasa (born 18 December 1953 in Palembang, South Sumatra) was the former Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs in the Second United Indonesia Cabinet and the vice presidential candidate with Prabowo Subianto in the Indonesian Presidential Election, 2014.
Glass House Rock is the fifth studio album by Greg Kihn and the second album to be released as The Greg Kihn Band in 1980.
César Isella (b. Salta, Argentina, 20 October 1938) is an Argentinian singer and songwriter of folk music.
"""Butterfly"" is a song by American rap rock band Crazy Town."
Shinhwa (Korean: 신화; Hanja: 神話) is a South Korean six-member boy band based in Seoul, composed of Eric Mun, Lee Min-woo, Kim Dong-wan, Shin Hye-sung, Jun Jin, and Andy Lee.
Utterby is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.
Sorg is the second studio album released by the Swedish doom metal band Faith.
Villers-Sir-Simon is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
WSVS is a Classic Country and Bluegrass formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Crewe, Virginia, serving Southside Virginia.
William Hew Clark-Kennedy, VC, CMG, DSO & Bar, ED (3 March 1879 – 25 October 1961) was a British-born Canadian soldier and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Magadinovac is a village in north-eastern Slavonia, situated in municipality town of Orahovica, Virovitica-Podravina County, Croatia.
Lace Up is the debut studio album by American rapper Machine Gun Kelly.
Manabu Horii (堀井 学, Horii Manabu, born 19 February 1972 in Muroran, Hokkaido) is a Japanese politician and former speed skater.
The Liability (also known as The Hitman's Apprentice) is a 2013 British crime-thriller film directed by Craig Viveiros and written by John Wrathall.
At the 2013 British Independent Film Awards (BIFA) Metro Manila was nominated in five categories and won awards for Achievement in Production, Best Director and Best British independent film.
Kanagawa University of Human Services (神奈川県立保健福祉大学, Kanagawa kenritsu hoken fukushi daigaku) is a public university at Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The Battle of Vellica was a battle of the Cantabrian Wars fought in the year 25 BC by the emperor Augustus and his Roman legions against the Cantabri forces who resided in the area.
"""More Than Miles"" is a song recorded by American country rock singer Brantley Gilbert."
The Rolls-Royce MT30 (Marine Turbine) is a marine gas turbine engine based on Rolls-Royce Trent 800 aero engine.
Hendrik Sirringhaus (born 6 February 1985 in Hemer, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for EHC Netphen of the German Oberliga.
Kahvanak (Persian: كهوانك‎, also Romanized as Kahvānak) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Pancho Daniel (?-1858) was a Californio bandit, leader of the Flores Daniel Gang who was lynched in November 1858 while awaiting trial for his involvement in the murder of Los Angeles County Sheriff James R. Barton.
Benito Perojo González (Madrid, 14 June 1894 – Madrid, 11 November 1974) was a successful Spanish film director and film producer.
Kaalam Maari Kadha Maari () is a 1987 Malayalam film. It was directed by M. Krishnan Nair, written by Devan.
The Los Gatos Daily News, now called the Los Gatos News was a free newspaper in Los Gatos, California published 3 days a week.
Harry Hoogstraal (born in Chicago, Illinois, February 24, 1917, died in Cairo, Egypt, on his 69th birthday, February 24, 1986) was an American entomologist and parasitologist.
Shivaji University established in 1962, is a state university located at Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India.
Andreas Makris (Greek: Ανδρέας Μακρής; March 7, 1930 – February 3, 2005) was a Greek-American composer and violinist, born in Salonika (Thessaloniki), Greece, on March 7, 1930.
"Silver is a rare EP by New Zealand band Minuit before they signed to the Tardus Music label. ""Except You"" was included on their debut album The 88."
Belhaven Hill School is a co-educational school for children aged seven to thirteen based in Dunbar, Scotland.
Night in Manhattan (1937) is a short musical film, starring Glenn Ford (in his first screen role) and directed by Herbert Moulton.
Deh-e Ali Hasan (, also Romanized as Deh-e ‘Alī Ḩasan) is a village in Asfyj Rural District, Asfyj District, Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.
Im Ha-ryong (born Im Han-yong on October 31, 1952) is a South Korean actor and comedian.
Majid Akhshabi (), is an Iranian Santurist and Persian Pop singer.
The 1991–92 FC Bayern Munich season was the 92nd season in the club's history and 27th season since promotion from Regionalliga Süd in 1965.
Marcel Lecomte (25 September 1900, Saint-Gilles (Brussels) - 19 November 1966, Brussels) was a Belgian writer, member of the Belgian surrealist movement.
Pythagoras of Samos or Pythagoras of Rhegion, (Ancient Greek: Πυθαγόρας, fl.
Chavoshan (Persian: چاوشان‎, also Romanized as Chāvoshān) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
The Samsun–Ceyhan pipeline (SCP), previously called Trans-Anatolian Pipeline, is a planned crude oil pipeline traversing Turkey from the Black Sea to the Mediterranean oil terminal in Ceyhan.
"Rubens Charles Maciel (born December 24, 1979), aka "" Cobrinha "" and sometimes referred to as Rubens "" Cobrinha "" Charles, is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor."
In Enemy Hands is a 2004 American submarine film directed by Tony Giglio and starring William H. Macy, Til Schweiger, Thomas Kretschmann, Scott Caan and Lauren Holly.
"""Redondo Beach"" is a rock/reggae song written by Patti Smith, Richard Sohl, and Lenny Kaye."
Gornja Trnica is a village in the municipality of Trgovište, in southeastern Serbia.
Jantoniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Jenna Hagglund (born 28 May 1989) is an American female volleyball player. She was member of the United States national team that won the 2015 Pan American Games gold medal, and the 2013 FIVB Women's World Grand Champions Cup.
Gruppo Italiano was an Italian Italo disco-pop musical group formed in 1981.
Tshuutheni Emvula(born October 19, 1981 in Berlin, Germany),sometimes known as Becoming Phill is an entrepreneur, hip hop record producer, DJ, composer, and video editor from Windhoek, Namibia.
Jealousy () is a painting by Norwegian artist Edvard Munch.
The Michigan State University College of Nursing is the nursing college at Michigan State University. It is located on the southeastern side of campus in East Lansing, Michigan, United States.
Mazraeh-ye Karmshah Karmi (Persian: مزرعه كرمشاه كرمي‎, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Karmshāh Karmī) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.
Coordinates: 49°35′13″N 119°43′59″W﻿ / ﻿49.587013°N 119.7329535°W﻿ / 49.587013; -119.7329535 The Kettle Valley Steam Railway is a heritage railway near Summerland, British Columbia.
Listen Lena is a 1927 comedy film directed by Clem Beauchamp.
Percival Loines Pemberton (4 May 1875 – 11 June 1949), Pem to his friends, was a British philatelist and stamp dealer who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921.
right| Charles-Moïse Briquet Charles Moïse Briquet (30 August 1839, in Geneva & ndash; 24 January 1918, in Geneva) was a noted Swiss filigranologist.
Hooray for the Blue Hussars () is a 1970 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Emil Hass Christensen.
West Monmouth School (Welsh: Ysgol Gorllewin Mynwy; colloquially: West Mon) is a state-funded and non-selective secondary school in Pontypool, Torfaen, south Wales.
Caligula is the second live album by comedian Anthony Jeselnik, released January 15, 2013 by Comedy Central Records.
Jameleddine Limam (born 11 June 1967) is a retired Tunisian football striker.
Miss Grant Takes Richmond is a 1949 comedy film starring Lucille Ball and William Holden, directed by Lloyd Bacon and released by Columbia Pictures.
Khan Abdul Wali Khan (Pashto: خان عبدالولي خان‎, born: 11 January 1917 – 26 January 2006) was a British Indian and later Pakistani secular democratic socialist and Pashtun leader, and served as president of National Awami Party.
The Bears are an American power pop band formed in 1985 in Cincinnati, Ohio. It features the distinctive avant-garde guitar playing of Adrian Belew, the band's most prominent member.
Harry Chidgey (25 July 1879 – 16 November 1941) was a first-class cricketer who played for Somerset as a wicketkeeper between 1900 and 1921, and a Test match umpire.
Nine Tomorrows is a collection of nine short stories and two pieces of comic verse by American writer Isaac Asimov.
There Is No Santa Claus! was one of five singles Servotron released in 1996. It was released black vinyl only on Amphetamine Reptile Records.
Who Has Your Heart is the second full-length studio album released by Amanda Richards.
Clean is the fourth studio album by the contemporary worship duo Shane & Shane.
Fábio Correa Ayrosa Galvão (born November 21, 1953), known as Fábio Jr. or Fábio Júnior, is a Brazilian singer, songwriter and actor.
"""The Nightingale"" (Danish: ""Nattergalen"") is a literary fairy tale written by Danish author Hans Christian Andersen about an emperor who prefers the tinkling of a bejeweled mechanical bird to the song of a real nightingale."
The Episcopal Diocese of Eastern Oregon is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America which has jurisdiction over Oregon east of the Cascade Mountains.
Mina Assadi (Persian: مینا اسدی‎; born March 12, 1943) is a poet, author, journalist and songwriter who lives in exile in Stockholm, Sweden.
Dzięczyna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniec, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
"""Cry"" is a song by British duo Waterfront, first released as a single in 1988."
Sunday Mba (born 28 November 1988) is a Nigerian footballer who last played as a midfielder for Yeni Malatyaspor and the Nigeria national team.
Robert R. Whale (1805 & ndash;1887) was an English-born Canadian painter.
Pematangsiantar (sometimes written as Pematang Siantar, acronym PS or P. Siantar, colloquially just Siantar), is an independent city in North Sumatra, Indonesia, surrounded by, but not part of, the Simalungun Regency.
Chagall is a 1963 short documentary film directed by Lauro Venturi which focuses on the work of artist Marc Chagall.
Abbott Vaughn Meader (March 20, 1936 – October 29, 2004) was an American comedian, impersonator, musician, and film actor.
www.bengamlapreparatoryacademy.org The Ben Gamla Charter School is an English-Hebrew Charter school, the first of its kind in the U.S., located in Hollywood, Florida.
"""King Porter Stomp"" is a jazz standard by pianist Jelly Roll Morton, first recorded in 1923."
.mc is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Monaco.
Black Gold is a 1936 American action film directed by Russell Hopton and starring Frankie Darro, LeRoy Mason and Gloria Shea.
Jean-François Kahn (born 12 June 1938) is a French journalist and essayist. Biography published on evene.fr Born in Viroflay, Yvelines, he is the brother of scientist Axel Kahn, and son of a Jewish father and a Catholic mother.
La bellissima estate (also known as Summer to Remember), is a 1974 Italian melodrama film directed by Sergio Martino.
Jon Kleinberg was born in 1971 in Boston, Massachusetts.
Comeuppance is the first full album released by British progressive rock/jazz fusion band Sphere3.
Karate-Robo Zaborgar (電人ザボーガー, Denjin Zabōgā) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Noboru Iguchi.
"Ashish Rana (born June 25, 1989) is a Nepalese rapper, actor and Television personality popularly known by his stage name – ""Laure""."
Beth Carey (born (1990-09-28)28 September 1990) is an Australian female volleyball player.
Kaspars Stupelis (born July 7, 1982) is a Latvian sidecarcross passenger and quadruple World Champion.
Melinda Caroll (born April 4, 1952, Jacksonville, Florida) is a singer, composer, record producer, recording artist, and lifetime Member of Girl Scouts.
The Tent (also known as The Tent: A Parable in One Sitting) is a parable by Gary Paulsen that was published in 1995.
Bobbi Brown (born 1957) is an American professional makeup artist and the founder of Bobbi Brown Cosmetics.
Woman, Man, Life (Persian title:Zan, Mard, Zendegi- ) is a 2012 Iranian crime drama film directed by Mehdi Vadadi and starring Leyla Otadi, Sahar Ghoreishi, Amir Hossein Rostami, and Nima Shahrokh Shahi.
Roman Capriccio: The Pantheon and Other Monuments is a 1735 oil painting by Italian artist Giovanni Paolo Panini, located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art, which is in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Forced Vengeance is a 1982 action film, starring Chuck Norris, Mary Louise Weller and Camila Griggs. The film was directed by James Fargo and written by Franklin Thompson and James Fargo.
Châteauguay—Huntingdon—Laprairie was a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1949 to 1968.
William Salter (1821–1910) was an American Congregational minister, public orator, social activist and historian.
Nathan Williams (born March 24, 1963) is an American Zydeco accordionist and singer. Williams grew up in a Creole-speaking home in St. Martinville, Louisiana, the youngest of seven children.
John Badham was born in Luton, Bedfordshire, United Kingdom, the son of U.S. Army General Henry Lee Badham, Jr., and English-born actress Mary Iola Badham (née Hewitt).
Georg Ratzinger PA (born 15 January 1924) is a German Catholic priest and musician, known for his work as the conductor of the Regensburger Domspatzen, the cathedral choir of Regensburg, Germany.
KIQN (KIQ'N Country 103.3) is a radio station licensed to Colorado City, Colorado, and serving the Pueblo and Colorado Springs areas with a country music format.
Dave Tozer is a Grammy Award-winning music producer, songwriter, and musician.
Christina the Astonishing (c.1150 – 24 July 1224), also known as Christina Mirabilis, was a Christian holy woman born in Brustem (near Sint-Truiden), Belgium.
Independent School District 196 is a K-12 public school district located in the south suburban Twin Cities, near both Minneapolis and St. Paul in Minnesota.
Put on Your Rosy Red Glasses is the debut studio album by American mathcore group the Number Twelve Looks Like You.
Padre Pio: Miracle Man () is a 2000 Italian television movie directed by Carlo Carlei.
The Associação dos Escoteiros de Portugal (AEP, Scout Association of Portugal) is a youth organization concerned with education and the development of civil character.
Yaan (Me) is a 2014 Indian Tamil-language action thriller film written, directed and filmed by Ravi K. Chandran.
Jim Love (1927 – May 10, 2005) was an American modernist sculptor who was born in Amarillo, Texas.
Henry Mancini: Pink Guitar is a compilation album of popular works by Henry Mancini, produced by James R. Jensen and released through Solid Air Records in 2004.
Ahmed Abelrahman (born 26 May 1996) is an Egyptian judoka.
David Marconi is an American screenwriter, film producer and film director.
Fayad Mahmoud Hissain is a Bahraini football defender who played for Bahrain in the Asian Cup.
Dovhyi Voinyliv (, ) is a village in Kaluskyi Raion, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine.
Dr. Jeppiaar (June 11, 1931 – June 18, 2016), also known as J. P. R., was an Indian politician, educationist, and industrialist from the Christian Mukkuvar community.
Jazhincë Lake in winter. Jazhincë Lake (; , Veliko Jažinačko jezero) is a mountain lake in Republic of Kosovo, found in the eastern part of the Šar Mountains.
Beheaded is a Death metal band from Malta.
Crytek was approached by Ubisoft to develop X-Isle into a full AAA game.
""" Learn to Love Again "" is the fourth single by British pop rock band Lawson, from their debut studio album, Chapman Square."
Raymond Oliver (1909–1990) was chef and owner of Le Grand Véfour restaurant in Paris, one of France's great historical restaurants.
Barbie of Swan Lake is a 2003 American - Canadian direct-to-DVD computer-animated directed by Owen Hurley.
Aadmi Sadak Ka is a 1977 Bollywood film. Produced and directed by Devendra Goel, it stars Shatrughan Sinha, Vikram, Zaheera, Sujit Kumar, Deven Verma, Asit Sen and Agha.
Marco Paulo Paiva Rocha (born 7 February 1973 in Funchal, Madeira), known as Paiva, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and a manager.
Yasseen Mansour (Arabic: ياسين منصور; born 1961/1962) is an Egyptian billionaire businessman, part owner of the Mansour Group, and chairman of Palm Hills Developments, one of Egypt's largest real estate developers.
The Karkheh Dam (Persian: سد کرخه‎) is a large multi-purpose earthen embankment dam built in Iran on the Karkheh River in 2001 by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC).
War Feels Like War is a 2004 British documentary film. For three months, Spanish filmmaker Esteban Uyarra followed five reporters and photographers from Denmark, Norway, Poland, and the United States in Iraq.
Deep Six is a compilation album featuring six Seattle-based alternative rock bands and was released in 1986.
Ryo Kimura (木村 了, Kimura Ryō, born September 23, 1988) is a Japanese actor who debuted in 2002.
Hymns of the 49th Parallel is the ninth studio album by Canadian singer and songwriter k.d.
Sabarimalayil Thanka Sooryodayam is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K.
Im Ji-eun (born February 27, 1973) is a South Korean actress.
Harry Gorsuch is a stage and film actor who appeared in films from the late 1970s through to the mid-1980s.
Primer is the sixth studio album by the a cappella group Rockapella and marks their North American debut.
XEAK-AM/XHAK-FM is a combo radio station in Mexico, broadcasting at 890 AM and 89.7 FM in Acámbaro, Guanajuato.
Razhdun (Persian: رژدون‎, also Romanized as Razhdūn) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Summit Airport (IATA: UMM, ICAO: PAST, FAA LID: UMM) is a state-owned public-use airport located in Summit, in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Right Bokka Left - Nadutu Kudonji is a Tulu language film directed by Yelnad Yatish Alva starring Sandeep Shetty, Prasanna Shetty Bailoor in lead roles and Tonse Vijay Kumar Shetty, Kumbra Dayakar Alva, Chaya Harsha, Namita Sharan, Mohair Shetty, Mervin are the remaining actors.
Dreams of Love (Spanish: Sueño de amor) is a 1935 Mexican historical drama film directed by José Bohr and starring Claudio Arrau, Julieta Palavicini and Consuelo Frank.
Campbell Message (born 1 January 1975) is a wheelchair basketball player from Australia. He was born in Melbourne, Victoria.
Brendan Michael McCann (born July 5, 1935) is an American former professional basketball player. Brendan McCann.
Jack Canfield (born August 19, 1944) is an American author, motivational speaker, corporate trainer, and entrepreneur.
Marvdasht (Persian: مرودشت‎, also romanized as Marv Dasht) is a city and the capital of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.
"""Ich singe dir mit Herz und Mund"" (I sing to you with heart and mouth) is a hymn with a text by Paul Gerhardt written in 1653."
The Precipice (Russian: Обрыв, romanized: Obryv) is the third novel by Ivan Goncharov, first published in January–May 1869 issues of Vestnik Evropy magazine.
Thomas Joseph Rozdilsky, better known as TJR, is an American DJ and music producer. Thomas Joseph Rozdilsky was born in Danbury, Connecticut.
The Vesuvians () is a 1997 Italian anthology film directed by Antonio Capuano, Pappi Corsicato, Antonietta de Lillo, Stefano Incerti and Mario Martone.
Alberto Naranjo [nah-rahn'-ho] (September 14, 1941 – January 27, 2020) was a Venezuelan musician.
Isidoro Álvarez (1935 – 14 September 2014) was a Spanish businessman and CEO of El Corte Inglés.
Eiken (Japanese: エイケン) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Seiji Matsuyama.
Hugo Rivero (born in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played for Clubs of Argentina and Chile.
Squanto: A Warrior's Tale is a 1994 Canadian-American period adventure drama film. It was written by Darlene Craviato and directed by Xavier Koller.
Guri and Gura (ぐりとぐら, Guri to Gura) is a Japanese series of children's books by writer Rieko Nakagawa and illustrator Yuriko Yamawaki.
Adutha Veettu Penn () is a 1960 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film, directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah and written by Thanjai N. Ramaiah Dass.
Villanueva del Rebollar is a municipality located in the province of Palencia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 106 inhabitants.
Wakefield Girls' High School (WGHS) is an independent school in Wakefield, England established in 1878 in Wentworth House.
Zmila is a village in the commune of Hassani Abdelkrim, in Debila District, El Oued Province, Algeria.
Analog Days is a 2006 film directed and written by Mike Ott.
"KPGN-LP (105.1 FM, "" Pierre's Good News Station "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Pierre, South Dakota, United States, the station serves the Pierre area."
Mayfield Grammar School (formerly Gravesend Grammar School for Girls) is a grammar school with academy status, located off Old Road West (B261) in Gravesend, Kent, England.
Pawan Tiwari is an Indian actor/producer.
Newtownhamilton is a small town and civil parish in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
Friscia & Lamboy are an electronic music duo.
Andru Kanda Mugam (The Face I Saw That Day) is a 1968 Tamil Thriller film, directed and produced by G. Ramakrishnan.
The Browns hosting the Colts in the 1971 AFC Divisional Playoffs Game.. The 1971 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 22nd season with the National Football League.
Lars Håvard Haugen (born November 29, 1969) is a Norwegian guitarist, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
"KHCA (95.3 FM) ""Angel 95"" is a Contemporary Christian Music formatted radio station licensed to Wamego, Kansas."
Racławiczki [rat͡swaˈvit͡ʂki], (German: Rasselwitz; 1939–1945 Roßtal O. S) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Brigadier Joseph Semwanga, is a Ugandan military officer.
Chérisy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
James Gilbert Baker (November 11, 1914 – June 29, 2005) was an American astronomer and designer of optics systems.
Hadidah (Arabic: حديدة‎, also spelled Hadideh) is a town in the northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located west of Homs and just east of the border with Lebanon.
Arline Hunter (born December 16, 1931) is an American actress and model. She is perhaps best known as Playboy's Playmate of the Month for August 1954.
Hiroshi Ninomiya (二宮 寛, Ninomiya Hiroshi, born February 13, 1937) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
Thomasina Winslow is an American blues musician from the Albany, New York area, and the daughter of folk musician Tom Winslow.
Teenage Doll is a 1957 film noir directed by Roger Corman, starring June Kenney and John Brinkley.
Luigi De Falco (born 4 May 1976), better known as Cuore Matto, is an Italian businessman.
Hyderabad Blues is a 1998 Indian drama film written, directed, and produced by Nagesh Kukunoor.
Andrea Howard (born February 10, 1947) is a former American actress who worked in film and television in the 1970s and 1980s.
Põripõllu is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.
Thomas Tyra (born Thomas Norman Tyrakowski) (April 17, 1933 – July 7, 1995) was an American composer, arranger, bandmaster, and music educator.
The Large Scale Structure of Space-Time is a 1973 treatise on the theoretical physics of spacetime by the physicist Stephen Hawking and the mathematician George Ellis.
Eirikur Gilstón Corfitz Andersen (born December 16, 1984) is a Faroese musician, best known for his work as the bassist and backing vocalist of the alternative rock band The Dreams.
Baljinder Singh (born 18 September 1986) is an Indian athlete who competes in the 20 kilometres race walk event.
"Live in Seattle 2002 is a live album by Eric Burdon and his current band called "" The New Animals "" ."
Alfred Kelbassa (21 April 1925 in Gelsenkirchen-Buer – 11 August 1988 in Dortmund) was a German football player. Kelbassa played for Preußen Münster (1952–1953) and Borussia Dortmund (1954–1963).
Dilith Jayaweera (Born 18 September 1967) is a, Sri Lankan corporate leader and a prominent figure in the country's advertising industry.
Joseph McManners (born 3 December 1992) is an English singer-songwriter, musician and actor.
Hu Minghai (Chinese: 胡明海; pinyin: Hú Míng Hǎi; born April 19, 1989 in Yueyang, Hunan) is a former Chinese male slalom canoeist specializing in the C2 event.
Corrosion of Conformity is the eponymous titled eighth studio album by the American metal band Corrosion of Conformity, which was released on February 28, 2012, by Candlelight Records.
Silvio Horta (August 14, 1974 – January 7, 2020) was an American screenwriter and television producer widely noted for adapting the hit Colombian telenovela Yo soy Betty, la fea into the ABC series Ugly Betty.
Greatest T*ts is a greatest hits compilation album by Belgian electronic band Lords of Acid and the third hits set released by the band.
Brian Moore (/briˈæn/ bree-AN; 25 August 1921 – 11 January 1999), was a novelist and screenwriter from Northern Ireland who emigrated to Canada and later lived in the United States.
Goin' Coconuts is a 1978 American musical adventure comedy film directed by Howard Morris and starring Donny and Marie Osmond.
Anima Rossa (アニマロッサ) is the 29th single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.
André Ferrand (born 22 February 1936) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France.
Colonel Ernest Clive Atkins CB TD DL JP (13 February 1870 – 9 January 1953) was Battalion Commander of the 2/5th Leicestershire Regiment during World War I, High Sheriff of Leicestershire in 1931 and Chairman of the Leicestershire Territorial Association in 1938.
Pailton is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Rugby, Warwickshire, England.
"Viviré otra vez (""I Shall Live Again"") is a 1940 Mexican film, directed by Roberto Rodríguez and starring Adriana Lamar, Alicia de Phillips and David Silva."
Frankenstein Created Woman is a 1967 British Hammer horror film directed by Terence Fisher.
Villard-d'Héry is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Green Man is the debut solo album from English singer-songwriter Mark Owen.
The Big Man (US title: Crossing the Line) is a 1990 feature film. It stars Liam Neeson, Joanne Whalley and Billy Connolly.
Ahmed Kotb () (born 23 July 1991), or Ahmed El-Kotb, is an Egyptian indoor volleyball player.
Jean-Marc Hamel, OC (born February 19, 1925) was a Canadian government official. Born in Lotbinière, Quebec, he received a Bachelor of Commerce degree in 1948 and a Master of Commerce degree in 1949 from Université Laval.
Joachim Baxla (16 January 1955 – 6 March 2017) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Alipurduars constituency of West Bengal and was a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP) political party.
The Smoke Ring is a 1987 science fiction novel by Larry Niven.
Djorf Torba Dam is a dam in Kenadsa District, Béchar Province, Algeria, crossing the Oued Guir about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of the capital, Béchar.
Mårran is a Swedish rock group formed in 2010 in Stockholm, Sweden. The band was formed in 2010 by Morgan Korsmoe and Ludwig Larsson (both born 1989).
Red House Painters were an American rock band, formed in San Francisco, California in 1988. They were one of the most prominent acts associated with the slowcore/sadcore subgenre.
Progress (Faroese: Framsókn) is a liberal, pro-Faroese independence political party on the Faroe Islands. Founded on 9 March 2011 by Poul Michelsen and others as a breakaway from the People's Party, the party won two seats in the October 2011 election to the 33-seat Løgting.
Adolphe is a classic French novel by Benjamin Constant, first published in 1816.
Bethany Owings, “Sexy Morning-After Photos Capture Couples’ Wedded Bliss,” ABC News, August 24, 2012. matchmaker, television personality Michael Musto, “Still Single? VH1 Matchmaker Siggy Flicker Tells You How to Get Hooked,” The Village Voice, October 26, 2011.
Jovan Ćirilov (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Ћирилов; ; 30 August 1931 – 16 November 2014) was a Serbian theatrologist, philosopher, writer, theatre selector, and poet.
Calenzana is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Bamba Fall (born May 27, 1986 in St.Louis) is a Senegalese professional basketball player who currently plays for HLA Alicante of the Spanish LEB Oro league.
Kis Kis Ki Kismat is a 2004 Indian black comedy film Presented by Akbar Arabiyan (Mojdeh & Mojtaba Movies) and directed by Govind Menon, starring Dharmendra and Mallika Sherawat.
Joe Swanberg (born August 31, 1981) is an American independent film director, producer, writer, and actor.
Pîrjota is a village in Rîșcani District, Moldova.
"Robert Broughton ""Bob"" Lansdown AO CBE (9 May 1921 – 6 May 2006) was a senior Australian public servant and policymaker. Bob Lansdown was born on 9 May 1921 in East Maitland."
True Love (Spanish: Amor Verdadero) is a book written by the American entertainer Jennifer Lopez.
École Jeannine Manuel is a private highly selective and co-educational day school founded in 1954, by Jeannine Manuel. The school's Paris campuses, located in the 7th and 15th arrondissement, are home to 2,400 students of 80 different nationalities.
The Beautiful Game (sometimes performed as The Boys in the Photograph) is a musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Ben Elton about a group of teenagers growing up during The Troubles in Belfast, Northern Ireland in 1969.
The Argus As 410 was a German air-cooled inverted V-12 light aircraft engine that was first produced by Argus Motoren in 1938.
Peace of Mind (German: Reserve hat Ruh) is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Max Obal and starring Fritz Kampers, Lucie Englisch and Paul Hörbiger.
Top of the World is the seventh studio album by American rock band Slightly Stoopid.
Berat Castle (Albanian: Kalaja e Beratit), also referred to as the Citadel of Berat and castle quarter, is a fortress overlooking the town of Berat, Albania.
Carlo Antonio Rambaldi (1680-1717) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in his native Bologna.
The 2nd/10th Field Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery was an Australian Army Reserve artillery regiment, assigned to the 2nd Division.
Chand Aur Suraj () is a 1965 Indian Hindi-language film produced by Ganga Chitra and directed by Dulal Guha.
Ethan Van der Ryn (born October 21, 1962) is a sound editor.
Shovot, also Shavat, (/Шовот, شاۋات; , Šavat) is a town and seat of Shovot District in Xorazm Region in Uzbekistan.
She is a five-time United States national champion and two-time Bouldering World Cup gold medalist. Alex Johnson was born and raised in Hudson, Wisconsin.
Russian Symphony ( Russkaya simfoniya) is a 1994 Russian drama film directed by Konstantin Lopushansky and starring Viktor Mikhaylov.
Kiełczewek [kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɛvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
The Garden City Broncbusters are the sports teams of Garden City Community College located in Garden City, Kansas, United States.
Kreeta Haapasalo Playing the Kantele in a Peasant Cottage is an oil work on canvas painted in 1868 by Robert Wilhelm Ekman (1808-1873).
Exter [ˈɛkstɐ] (listen) is a suburb of the town Vlotho in the district of Herford, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Limited Express (Has Gone?) Its members are Yukari (bass, vocals), Jinichiro Iida (guitar, vocals) and Josh (drums, backing vocals).
The Marvelous Missing Link: Lost is the thirteenth studio album by Insane Clown Posse.
Nick Stewart was born in New York City, to Joseph (March 15, 1888 – July 1976) and Eva Stewart, who were recent immigrants from Barbados, British West Indies.
Bill Granger (June 1, 1941 & ndash; April 22, 2012) was an American novelist from Chicago specializing in political thrillers.
Cinquemiglia is a frazione of the comune of Città di Castello in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.
Samasingha is a Gram Panchayat in the district of Jharsuguda in the state of Odisha in India.
János Kuszmann (born 3 December 1938), also known as Joe Erwin Kuzman, is a former football defender who played in Hungary, Spain, Turkey, the United States and Greece.
L'Éternel retour (English: The Eternal Return) is a French drama romance film from 1943, directed by Jean Delannoy, written by Jean Cocteau, starring Madeleine Sologne and Jean Marais.
Heino Gaze (20 February 1908 – 24 October 1967) was a German composer.
Abdarlu (, also Romanized as Ābdārlū) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
April Fool's Day is a 1986 American mystery slasher film directed by Fred Walton, produced by Frank Mancuso, Jr., and starring Deborah Foreman, Amy Steel, Ken Olandt, Deborah Goodrich, Thomas F. Wilson, and Leah Pinsent.
Egon Beyn (2 December 1904 – 18 November 1963) was a sailor from Germany, who represented his country at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Junior colours Boclair Academy is a co-educational comprehensive secondary school located in the Greater Glasgow suburb of Bearsden, East Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
"""Step by Step"" is the biggest-selling hit single from New Kids on the Block."
Libero Burro is a 1999 Italian comedy film. The film marked the debut as director and screenwriter of Sergio Castellitto.
Szańków-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Zumrud Gulu-zade (Azerbaijani: Zümrüd Qulu-zadə [zymˈɾyt guluˈzɑdæ]) is an Azerbaijani professor of philosophy at the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences.
What Happened to Jones is a lost The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:.. What Happened to Jones 1915 silent film directed by and starring Fred Mace.
Choices II: The Setup is the seventh studio album by American hip hop group Three 6 Mafia.
St Francis de Sales College is a Catholic co-educational school in Mount Barker, South Australia.
Ruhaizad Ismail is a Singapore international football player who plays for Balestier Khalsa.
Insidious: Chapter 3 is a 2015 supernatural horror film written and directed by Leigh Whannell in his directorial debut.
The Jonathan Coleman Experience was an Australian nationally syndicated radio program.
Mattia Casalegno is an Italian interdisciplinary artist, live-media performer and installation artist working in a broad range of media.
The Loyalsock Township School District is a small, suburban public school district in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
A Wing and a Prayer is a 2015 PBS documentary by Boaz Dvir.
Kaanch Ki Deewar () is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film directed by M.N.
V. S. Surekha () (born ) is an Indian pole vaulter.
Alexander Stein was a recipient of several high-profile state awards, including the Order of the Patriotic War, the Order of the Red Star and the Order of the Red Banner of Labour (twice), as well as two Stalin Prizes (1949, 1951).
{{Album ratings | rev1 = About.com | rev1Score = | rev2 = Blabbermouth.net | rev2Score = 8.5/10 | rev3 = Metal Forces | rev3Score = 9/10 | rev4 = Rock Hard | rev4Score = 8/10 | noprose = yes Spiritual Genocide is the twelfth studio album by German thrash metal band Destruction.
The Antelope Shale is a geologic formation in the San Joaquin Valley of central California. It underlies the Pliocene epoch Etchegoin Formation.
Joan Dillon is the daughter of U.S. Treasury Secretary C.
CFAQ-FM is a Canadian radio station, airing a Christian music format at 100.3 FM in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
LN is a slowcore band from Ohio that has released several albums and EPs on California-based independent record label Velvet Blue Music.
Rinat Morozov (Ukrainian: Рінат Вікторович Морозов, born October 24, 1969 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football manager.
Bennetto Payne (born December 10, 1909 in Yucatán, Mexico – February 7, 1987) was a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Heavyweight division.
"""Ride Darkhorse, Ride"" is the first single by Canadian power metal band 3 Inches of Blood."
Faux-Mazuras is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
"""Locked Out of Heaven"" is a song by American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars from his second studio album, Unorthodox Jukebox (2012)."
Oliver Schnyder (born October 3, 1973 in Brugg, Switzerland) is a Swiss classical pianist.
Blood of Heroes is the fifth EP by Polish black metal band Graveland.
2006 Live is a live album by the Danish progressive metal band Royal Hunt, released on CD and DVD by Frontiers Records in 2006.
The Hands of Che Guevara (Dutch: De handen van Che Guevara; Spanish: Las manos de Che Guevara) is a 2006 documentary film made by Dutch film director Peter de Kock.
DR1 (DR Et) is the flagship television channel of the Danish Broadcasting Corporation (DR). It became Denmark's first television station when it began broadcasting in 1951 – at first only for an hour a day three times a week.
So Sim-hyang (; born on 1 July 1992) is a freestyle wrestler from North Korea.
John Rothwell (1 October 1913 – 22 May 2005) was an Australian cricketer. He played four first-class matches for Tasmania between 1933 and 1934.
Todd J. Campbell (born 1956) is an inactive Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee, serving as Chief Judge of the court from 2005 – 2012.
John Robert Hall, KCVO FSA FRSA (born 13 March 1949) is a retired English priest of the Church of England. His parents were Ronald John Hall and Katie Margaret Brock Walker.
Paula Hernández (born 16 October 1969) is an Argentine film director and screenwriter.
"KFBZ is a radio station operating in Wichita, Kansas, and licensed to Haysville, Kansas as ""105.3 The Buzz""."
LaurenHill Academy (LHA; )) is one of the worst high schools in montreal, Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada.
Sir Kenneth Hamilton Bailey (3 November 18983 May 1972) was a senior Australian public servant and lawyer, best known for his time as Secretary of the Attorney-General's Department between 1946 and 1964. Kenneth Bailey was born on 3 November 1898 in Canterbury, Victoria.
Neil Arksey is a British writer, best known as the author of several books for children, teenagers and young adults, published by Penguin Books and Random House.
""" Escape to L.A. "" is the fourth episode of Torchwood: Miracle Day, the fourth series of the British science fiction television series Torchwood."
Charles Henry (1859–1926) was a French librarian and editor. He was born at Bollwiller, Haut-Rhin, and was educated in Paris, where in 1881 he became assistant and afterward librarian in the Sorbonne.
MuseScore is a scorewriter for Windows, macOS, and Linux, comparable to Finale and Sibelius, supporting a wide variety of file formats and input methods.
Steve Winter (born December 8, 1957) is an American game designer who worked on numerous products for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game from TSR and later Wizards of the Coast.
Pam Brady (born July 28, 1969) is an American writer and television producer, best known for her work with Trey Parker and Matt Stone.
3G UMTS/HSPA+ – 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 4G LTE 2100 (1), 1800 (3), 850 (5), 2600 (7), 900 (8), 800 (20) MHz (GT-I9195 model) The Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini (stylized as Samsung GALAXY S4mini) is an Android smartphone developed by the Korean manufacturer Samsung Electronics.
Otap (or Otapi) is a village and municipality in Ochamchira District, Abkhazia, a disputed part of Georgia.
Angela Finger-Erben (born 2 February 1980 in Nuremberg) is a German TV presenter and journalist for RTL Television.
Road Show is a live album by bandleader and pianist Stan Kenton and His Orchestra with vocalists June Christy and The Four Freshmen featuring a concert recorded at the Purdue University in 1959 and released on the Capitol label as a double album.
Anadón is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.
John Ngu Foncha (21 June 1916, Bamenda – 10 April 1999) was a Cameroonian politician, who served as 5th Prime Minister of Cameroon.
Dayanand Rayu Mandrekar is an Indian politician from the state of Goa. Dayanand Mandrekar was first elected to the Goa Legislative Assembly in the 1999 Goa Legislative Assembly election from the Siolim constituency as a candidate of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Spring is an 1894 oil-on-canvas painting by Lawrence Alma-Tadema, which has been in the collection of the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles, California, since 1972.
The Grinning Granger is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Leo D. Maloney and featuring Hoot Gibson.
Tie Xi Qu: West of the Tracks (Mandarin: [tʰjè ɕí tɕʰú]) is a 2002 Chinese documentary film by Wang Bing.
Desheh (Persian: دشه‎, also Romanized as Deshah and Disheh) is a village in Howli Rural District, in the Central District of Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
James Pradier (born Jean-Jacques Pradier, pronounced [pʁadje]; 23 May 1790 – 4 June 1852) was a Genevan-born French sculptor best known for his work in the neoclassical style.
Hatchet III is a 2013 American slasher film written by Adam Green and directed by B.
Arunagirinathar (Tamil pronunciation: [aɾ̪uɳaɡiɾ̪in̪aːt̪aɾ̪]) is a 1964 Tamil-language biographical film, directed by T.
Colette Pechekhonova is a Russian model. Pechekhonova was born on March 12, 1980 in Leningrad, now Saint Petersburg.
In 2011, Amazon opened the Amazon Appstore and started to hire developers for mobile social games. In 2012, Amazon Game Studios released Living Classics, a social game for Facebook.
Maxon Universal is the third studio album by the Croatian hip hop / rap rock band The Beat Fleet.
"""Wet Dream"" is a song by Jamaican reggae singer Max Romeo first released in 1968 on the Unity Records label."
Song Boxuan (; born 16 September 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Tianjin Quanjian in the Chinese Super League.
The Harold B. Lee Library (HBLL) is the main academic library of Brigham Young University (BYU) located in Provo, Utah.
St. Tammany Regional Airport is a public use airport in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Claudio Marcelo Guerra Carrizo (born December 22, 1972 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played for clubs of Uruguay, Chile, Colombia and Ecuador.
Falcon Rising is a 2014 American action adventure film directed by Ernie Barbarash and starring Michael Jai White, Neal McDonough, Laila Ali and Masashi Odate.
Edward Colman (January 25, 1905 – January 24, 1995) was an American cinematographer who worked on many Walt Disney films during the 1960s.
The 1960 Bluebonnet Bowl, part of the 1960 bowl game season, was the second annual contest and took place on December 17, 1960, at Rice Stadium in Houston, Texas.
Swallows and Amazons Forever! is a 1984 BBC children's television series based on two children's novels from the Swallows and Amazons series by Arthur Ransome, Coot Club (four episodes) and The Big Six (four episodes).
Marc Saw Nelson, better known as Marc Nelson, is a Burmese and Australian television host and model mostly credited for being one of Philippine television's most visible and prominent personalities.
The Western Star is a weekly newspaper published Wednesdays in Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, and also serving Stephenville and the Bay of Islands, Bay St. George and Humber Valley areas.
Married to the Mob is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Jonathan Demme, starring Michelle Pfeiffer and Matthew Modine.
Without Love is a 1945 romantic comedy film directed by Harold S. Bucquet and starring Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, and Lucille Ball.
Margarida Cordeiro (born 1939) is a Portuguese psychologist and film director from Mogadouro.
Mohammed Al-Mfarah, also known as Abu Samah (Arabic: محمد المفرح‎) (May 20, 1945 – January 23, 2018) was a Saudi Arabian actor, writer, director and producer.
Valsot is a municipality in the Engiadina Bassa/Val Müstair Region in the canton of Graubünden in the extreme east of Switzerland.
The Sphaerosepalaceae are a family of flowering plants including 14 species of trees and shrubs in two genera, Dialyceras and Rhopalocarpus, all of which are endemic to Madagascar.
Brimstone & Treacle is the soundtrack for the 1982 film adaptation of the play Brimstone and Treacle directed by Richard Loncraine and starring Denholm Elliott, Joan Plowright and Sting.
Maidstone is a 1970 American independent film drama written, produced, and directed by Norman Mailer.
Amor de Perdição is a Brazilian telenovela that first aired on TV Cultura in 1965.
Tobias Karlsson is a Swedish platinum selling songwriter and record producer, based in Los Angeles, California and Stockholm, Sweden.
Jewess with Oranges (Polish: Żydówka z pomarańczami, Pomarańczarka, Przekupka z Pomarańczami) is an 1880-1881 oil painting on canvas by the Polish artist Aleksander Gierymski.
Shyamoli Nasrin Chowdhury (born 22 April 1942) is a Bangladeshi educationist.
"3688 (simplified Chinese: 想入飞飞; traditional Chinese: 想入飛飛; pinyin: Xiǎngrù Fēifēi, literally ""Dreaming of Fei Fei""), is a 2015 Singaporean musical/comedy film directed by Royston Tan and starring Joi Chua, Michael Tan, Rahimah Rahim, Liu Lingling and Shigga Shay."
Markus Forster is a classical singer of the voice types altus and countertenor, especially in Early music and Baroque music.
Lowell High School is a public school located in Lowell, Michigan, United States.
Zhou Heping (; born Hebei Province, China 1949) is the Honorary Director of the National Library of China.
Deepa is the third studio album by new jack swing group Troop released by Atlantic Records on June 2, 1992.
Northeast Airlines (NEA) – known as BKS Air Transport until 1970 – was an airline based in the United Kingdom that operated from 1952 until 1976, when NEA's operations and fleet were merged into British Airways.
Villamanta is a municipality of the Community of Madrid, Spain.
 Retired Rear Admiral Mary Joan Nielubowicz was the Director of the Navy Nurse Corps from 1983 to 1987.
"Maskinen (, "" The Machine "" ) is a Swedish music group consisting of the rapper Herbert Munkhammar who was earlier part of the duo Afasi & Filthy and Frej Larsson, also a member of the band Slagsmålsklubben and duo Far & Son."
The Silence in My Heart is the sixth installment in The Emo Diaries series of compilation albums, released July 24, 2001 by Deep Elm Records.
He was born at Abercrave, Brecknockshire. First-Class Matches played by Percy Morgan In 1935, he played 2 Minor Counties Championship matches for the Glamorgan Second XI against Oxfordshire and Dorset.
WKLX (100.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult hits format. The station is licensed to Brownsville, Kentucky, United States, and it serves the Bowling Green media market.
Adam's Green is a hamlet near the village of Halstock in Dorset, England.
WCAI/90.1—Woods Hole, Massachusetts, WNAN/91.1—Nantucket, and WZAI/94.3—Brewster, are National Public Radio member radio stations serving the Cape Cod and Islands area of southeast Massachusetts.
Sanjay Govind Dhande is an Indian engineer and educationist.
Attilio Nicora (16 March 1937 – 22 April 2017) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, Bishop of Verona and President Emeritus of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See.
Sassi Boultif (born 9 January 1983) is an Algerian handball player for Al-Nasr.
Ximena Sariñana Rivera (; born October 29, 1985) is a Mexican singer-songwriter and actress.
Nergis Mavalvala (born 1968) is a Pakistani-American astrophysicist known for her role in the first observation of gravitational waves.
Franciszek Ksawery Lubomirski (1747–1819) was a Polish noble, Russian general. Son of Stanisław Lubomirski, he had many possessions around Kiev, which following the First Partition of Poland fell under the Russian Empire control.
Pomona Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls middle and high school in Pomona, California built in 1949.
Orgnac-l'Aven is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Screwball Hotel is a 1988 American and British comedy film directed by Rafal Zielinski and starring Michael Bendetti, Andrew Zeller, Jeff Greenman, Corinne Wahl, and Kelly Monteith.
Nattfödd (English: Nightborn) is the third studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Finntroll.
Antje Angela Malestein (born 31 January 1993) is a Dutch handball player for SG BBM Bietigheim and the Dutch national team.
Zagužanje is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 890 people.
George Serdula (January 17, 1920 – October 26, 2002) was an American football player, coach, and university professor.
Veppankulam is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census, Veppankulam had a total population of 1474 with 679 males and 795 females.
"Qualquer Gato Vira-Lata (lit. ""Any Stray Cat"") is a 2011 Brazilian romantic comedy film directed by Tomas Portella."
Big Fish is an Australian fishing show aired on One on 8 January 2012 hosted by Marc Vincent.
Mike Huckleberry was born on July 12, 1948 in Cedar Springs, Michigan.
Baruch Chait is an Orthodox Jewish rabbi, musician and composer.
Isabel dos Santos (born 20 April 1973) is an Angolan businesswoman, Africa's richest woman and the eldest child of Angola's former President José Eduardo dos Santos, who ruled the country from 1979 to 2017.
Wood was born on January 28, 1981, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, the second of three children. His parents, Debbie (née Krause) and Warren Wood, operated a delicatessen.
Lola Randl (born 1980 in Munich) is a German film director and screenwriter.
Zhang Yin (Chinese: 张茵; born 1957 in Shaoguan, Guangdong with family roots in Heilongjiang), also known as Cheung Yan according to the Cantonese pronunciation of her name, is a Chinese entrepreneur and one of the richest persons in greater China.
Impulse, formally Impulse: Das Unternehmer-Magazin, is one of the business magazines published in Germany. The magazine is published on a monthly basis in Hamburg.
The New Warriors is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
In ancient Greek culture, Dike or Dice (/ˈdaɪkiː/ or /ˈdaɪsiː/; Greek: Δίκη, dikē, 'Custom') is the goddess of justice and the spirit of moral order and fair judgement based on immemorial custom, in the sense of socially enforced norms and conventional rules.
Oozham (transl. Turn) is a 2016 Indian Malayalam-language action thriller film written and directed by Jeethu Joseph.
A Kid's Point of View is the first studio album by American singer Dijon Prioleau.
Pogorzałki Małe () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Charlotte Spencer (born 26 September 1991) is a British actress, singer and dancer.
Rade Zagorac (Serbian Cyrillic: Раде Загорац, born 12 August 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Partizan of the ABA League.
Tawfeq Mahmoud Hamza or Piramerd (Kurdish: پیرەمێرد‎) (1867 – 19 June 1950) was a Kurdish poet, writer, novelist and journalist.
Edwin Hodgeman (born 26 June 1935) is an Australian actor.
McVicar is the soundtrack to the film McVicar and the fourth solo studio album by Roger Daltrey, the lead vocalist for The Who.
The Selby Limestone is a geologic formation in New York.
Fatata te Miti is an 1892 oil painting by French artist Paul Gauguin, located in the National Gallery of Art, in Washington, DC.
Henri Troyat (1 November 1911 – 2 March 2007) was a Russian-born French author, biographer, historian and novelist.
Gmina Niechlów is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Legba Crossing is a live album featuring a performance by Cecil Taylor's Workshop Ensemble recorded in Berlin on July 15, 1988 as part of month-long series of concerts by Taylor and released on the FMP label.
Douglas Farthing Hatlelid (born August 27, 1942), better known as Chip Douglas, is a songwriter, musician (bass, guitar and keyboards), and record producer, whose most famous work was during the 1960s.
Finger Man is a 1955 American crime film noir directed by Harold D. Schuster starring Frank Lovejoy, Forrest Tucker and Peggie Castle .
Satan in Sydney is a 1918 Australian melodrama from director Beaumont Smith.
"Nélson Jacobina Rocha Pires (1953 – May 31, 2012) was a Brazilian lyricist, songwriter and guitarist, famous for his enduring partnership with fellow musician Jorge Mautner, with whom he wrote, among many other songs, the 1974 hit "" Maracatu Atômico "" ."
Sir Joseph Banks Group Conservation Park is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia located on the Sir Joseph Banks Group in Spencer Gulf about east-northeast of Port Lincoln.
The Most Excellent Order of the Golden Ark (Dutch: Orde van de Gouden Ark) is a Dutch order of merit established in 1971 by Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands.
Martine Pinville (born October 23, 1958 in Angoulême, Charente) was a member of the National Assembly of France until 2017.
Kommissar X – Drei gelbe Katzen is a 1966 Eurospy film written and co-directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber and Gianfranco Parolini.
"Leva-me aos Fados (in English: Take Me To The Fados) is the fourth album by Portuguese fado singer Ana Moura, the successor to the multi-award winning "" Para Além da Saudade "" (2007)."
Armen Ohanian (Armenian: Արմեն Օհանյան), born Sophia Pirboudaghian (Armenian: Սոֆյա Էմանուելի Փիրբուդաղյան, 1887–1976) was an Armenian dancer, actress, writer, and translator.
The University of Warwick (/ˈwɒrɪk/) (abbreviated as Warw. in post-nominal letters) is a public research university on the outskirts of Coventry between the West Midlands and Warwickshire, England.
The Association des Guides du Togo (AGT, Guides Association of Togo) is the national Guiding organization of Togo.
Johannes François Snelleman (Rotterdam, 26 December 1852 – The Hague, 18 May 1938) was a Dutch zoologist, orientalist, ethnographer and museum director.
Amelia Kinkade (born December 31, 1963) is an American actress, animal communicator and self-proclaimed pet psychic.
Last Days of the Victim () is a 1982 Argentine crime thriller film directed by Adolfo Aristarain and starring Federico Luppi.
1650: Blaise Pascal invented a syringe (not necessarily hypodermic) as an application of what is now called Pascal's law.
San Juan La Laguna (Spanish pronunciation: [saŋ ˈxwan la laˈɣuna]) is a municipality on the southern shore of Lago de Atitlán, Sololá, Guatemala.
Myron Demond Butler (born July 27, 1974) is a Grammy award winning gospel musician, who is a record producer, singer-songwriter, music director, vocalist, organist, and pianist. Most notably, he is known as the leader of the gospel choir, Myron Butler & Levi.
The Santo Ângelo micro-region (Microrregião de Santo Ângelo) is a micro-region in the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Dancehall Sweethearts is the name of the third studio album by Irish rock band Horslips.
Guvna is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Saint-Pierre-d'Irube (Basque Hiriburu) is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
The Phantom Cowboy is a 1935 American film directed by Robert J. Horner.
Vallathol Narayana Menon (16 October 1878 – 13 March 1958) was a poet in the Malayalam language, which is spoken in the south Indian state of Kerala.
The Ministry of Gender Equality and Family (, abbreviated to MOGEF) or the Ministry of Gender Equality (여성부, 女性部) is a cabinet-level division of the government of South Korea.
Earl Oliver (born June 23, 1948) is an American writer, musician, variety, street entertainer, and graphic artist.
Dobrushë is a village in the former municipality of Bogovë in Berat County, Albania.
Edison Pieter Rumaropen (born 13 November 1983 in Biak Numfor Regency, Papua, Indonesia) is an Indonesian former football player who last played for Persiwa Wamena.
Proposed coat of arms of Rayakoski Rayakoski (; , lit. border rapids) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located adjacent to the tripoint between Finland, Norway, and Russia.
Vatsalyam (English: Parental love) is a 1993 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Cochin Haneefa and written by A. K. Lohithadas.
The Milford Daily News is an American daily newspaper covering Milford, Massachusetts, and several nearby towns in Norfolk and Worcester counties.
Ania Pieroni is a former Italian actress, known for The House by the Cemetery (1981), Tenebrae (1982) and Inferno (1980). Pieroni was born in 1957 in Rome to a middle-class family.
Pálovice is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
The Rubens is the debut studio album by Australian alternative rock group, The Rubens.
The Cleveland Advocate is a weekly newspaper in northern Liberty County, Texas, United States, established in 1917, nearly two decades before the City of Cleveland was incorporated.
Damian Nawrocik (born 3 July 1980, in Poznań) is a Polish professional football player.
"""I Wish I Could Have Been There"" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist John Anderson."
The Hanging Garden is an unfinished novel by Australian author and Nobel Prize winner Patrick White.
Nuatambu was an island in the Solomon Islands; it was located in Choiseul Province.
Godowa [ɡɔˈdɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
alt=Arianna Savall|thumb Arianna Savall i Figueras (born 1972 in Basel, Switzerland) is a Swiss-born Catalan classical singer, harpist and composer.
Dennis Crowley (born June 19, 1976) is an American Internet entrepreneur who co-founded the social networking sites Dodgeball and Foursquare.
CHRN is a multilingual radio station which will operate at 1610 kHz/AM in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Movits! (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈmǔːvɪts]) is a Swedish music group from Luleå. Their debut album Äppelknyckarjazz, literally translated as Apple swiper jazz or scrumping jazz, was released in November 2008 and has been recognized by national Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter.
Haja Umu Hawa Tejan-Jalloh, GCOR (born April 16, 1949 ) is a Sierra Leonean lawyer who was the Chief Justice of Sierra Leone from 2008 to 2015.
Dimibo is a village in the Sami Department of Banwa Province in western Burkina Faso. As of 2005 it had a population of 599.
Lucky Man is a 1995 Tamil language mythological fantasy comedy film directed by Prathap K. Pothan The film stars Karthik, Goundamani, Senthil, and Sanghavi in the lead roles, while Manjula Vijayakumar, Radha Ravi, Vinu Chakravarthy, and Thyagu play supporting roles.
Bakouma Airport is an airstrip serving Bakouma, a village in the Mbomou prefecture of the Central African Republic.
Skånela IF is a sports club in Märsta, Sweden, established in 1949, mostly playing handball.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Inongo () is a diocese located in the city of Inongo in the Ecclesiastical province of Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Trials of Rumpole is a collection of short stories by John Mortimer adapted from scripts for his TV series about Horace Rumpole.
Teotongo is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico.
Purushan Pondatti (English: Husband Wife) is a 1996 Tamil comedy drama film directed by N.
Łazek [ˈwazɛk] is a part of village Niemstów in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Songyuan Chaganhu Airport (IATA: YSQ, ICAO: ZYSQ) is an airport serving the city of Songyuan in Northeast China's Jilin Province.
""" Mystery "" is a song by alternative rock group Live, which was released as the second single from their album, Songs from Black Mountain (2006)."
Buyelekhaya is the debut studio album of Nathi, a South African recording artist.
Nyklovice (German: Niklowitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
In Our Gun is the third studio album by English indie rock band Gomez, released on 18 March 2002 by Hut Records.
"The Pendulum, the Pit and Hope () is a 1983 Czechoslovak animated short film directed by Jan Švankmajer, adapted from Edgar Allan Poe's 1842 short story "" The Pit and the Pendulum "" and Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam's story A Torture by Hope."
The Rising of the Moon is a 1957 Irish anthology film directed by John Ford.
"Kuma (Turkish: ""concubine"") is a 2012 Austrian film directed by Umut Dag about a Turkish immigrant family living in Vienna.Fatma is around 50, a housewife with six children."
Sebastián Blázquez, el sucesor de Buljubasich. In 2009 played in Colombia for Deportivo Cali, Profile on Deportivo Cali Official Website before on 29 December 2009 the Goalkeeper left Cali to join Olimpia Asuncion on a 50% joint ownership deal with Colón de Santa Fe.
Ailwyn Edward Fellowes, 3rd Baron de Ramsey KBE, TD (16 March 1910 &ndash; 31 March 1993) was a British peer.
"The Widows of Eastwick is the final novel by John Updike, author of the Pulitzer-prize winning ""Rabbit"" series."
"KCHZ (95.7 FM), ""95-7 The Vibe"", is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station licensed to Ottawa, Kansas and serving the Kansas City metropolitan area."
Coordinates: 34°32′07.0″N 69°04′23.8″E﻿ / ﻿34.535278°N 69.073278°E﻿ / 34.535278; 69.073278 The Marshal Fahim National Defense University, also known as the Afghan National Defense University, is a military academy located in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Vale of York was a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Gustave Halphen (3 March 1810 in Paris - 21 February 1872 in Paris) was a French diplomat and merchant. He served as the Consul-General of France to the Sublime Porte (Istanbul).
Sultan (transl. King) is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language sports drama film directed by Ali Abbas Zafar.
MLB Japan National Team Other Daisuke Matsuzaka (松坂 大輔, Matsuzaka Daisuke, [matsɯꜜzaka daꜜisɯ̥ke]; born September 13, 1980) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Saitama Seibu Lions of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB).
Kljuna () is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Königstein im Taunus (German pronunciation: [ˈkøːnɪçʃtaɪn ʔɪm ˈtaʊnʊs]) is a health spa and lies on the thickly wooded slopes of the Taunus in Hesse, Germany.
Low Life (; also known as Raging Years) is a 2004 South Korean action film directed by Im Kwon-taek.
Difficult Loves () is a 1970 short story collection by Italo Calvino.
The Authoritarian Personality is a 1950 sociology book by Theodor W. Adorno, Else Frenkel-Brunswik, Daniel Levinson, and Nevitt Sanford, researchers working at the University of California, Berkeley, during and shortly after World War II.
Not Safe for Work is a 2014 American thriller film directed by Joe Johnston and written by Simon Boyes and Adam Mason.
Choi Min-ho (Korean: 최민호; born December 9, 1991), better known by the mononym Minho, is a South Korean singer, actor, songwriter and rapper .
The Fear Woman is a lost 1919 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures and starring Pauline Frederick.
Terai Television was a privately owned Nepali television channel. It was the first Nepali satellite channel that beamed outside of Kathmandu.
Love Scenes is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer Diana Krall, released on August 26, 1997 by Impulse!.
Saint-Pierre-les-Étieux is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Medusa: A Tiger by the Tail is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack L. Chalker, the fourth book in the Four Lords of the Diamond series.
Bloomingdale is a neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C., less than two miles (3 km) north of the United States Capitol building.
Dizaj Azim (, also Romanized as Dīzaj ‘Az̧īm) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Raney Shockne is an American music composer and producer based in Los Angeles. He has written and produced songs for Giorgio Moroder, Britney Spears, Foxes, Matthew Koma, Leona Lewis and others.
""" Angel in Disguise "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Earl Thomas Conley."
Sose Tanda Soubhagya (aka Sose Thanda Saubhagya) (Kannada: ಸೊಸೆ ತಂದ ಸೌಭಾಗ್ಯ )is a 1977 Kannada film written by P. B. Duttaragi, directed by A.
Wim Gupffert ((1894-10-18)18 October 1894 – (1958-12-27)27 December 1958) was a Dutch male footballer. He was part of the Netherlands national football team, playing 3 matches and scoring 2 goals.
Křečhoř is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Bishop Adolph John Paschang (Chinese: 柏增主教, 16 April 1895 – 3 February 1968) was an American Maryknoll Catholic bishop, missionary, relief worker and educator working in the southern part of China in the early 20th century.
Digital Devil Story: Megami Tensei[a] refers to two distinct role-playing video games based on a trilogy of science fantasy novels by Japanese author Aya Nishitani.
"Unlimited! is a 1987 electro-funk album, the third solo album by Zapp frontman Roger Troutman (credited as "" Roger "" )."
John Chilton: Who's Who of Jazz, Storyville to Swing Street, Chilton Book Co., Philadelphia, Pa., 1978, p. 61. Eugene Chadbourne: Theodore Carpenter Biography, accessed December 31, 2011.
"Francis David Egerton (born 21 September 1959) is a British novelist from the Egerton family. Writing as "" Frank Egerton "" , he works as a tutor of creative writing at Oxford University and an Oxford University librarian."
Avid Radiopharmaceuticals is an American company, founded by Dr. Daniel Skovronsky, and based at the University City Science Center research campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Darizavyn Losol (; April 15, 1890 – July 25, 1940) was a revolutionary leader and post-Revolution governmental figure in Mongolia until he was purged in 1939.
Adam Jankowski (born 1948 in Gdańsk, Poland) is an Austrian painter and professor at the Offenbach University of Art & Design.
The Nine Lives of Chloe King is an American supernatural drama television series which premiered on ABC Family on June 14, 2011, and ended on August 16, 2011.
June 1907; signed by Johann Hirter as president of the Bank Council Johann Daniel Hirter (5 May 1855, Bern & ndash; 4 October 1926) was a Swiss politician and President of the Swiss National Council (1905/06).
Seo Sook-hyang is a South Korean television screenwriter.
Oded Goldreich (Hebrew: עודד גולדרייך‎; b. 1957) is a professor of Computer Science at the Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science of Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel.
High Caliber is an album by Vallejo, California rapper Jay Tee, from N2Deep/Latino Velvet.
Milkyway Image (Hong Kong) Ltd. (Chinese: 銀河映像(香港) 有限公司) is a production company based in Hong Kong. The company was established in 1996 by prolific director Johnnie To in joint partnership with frequent collaborator Wai Ka-Fai.
Lara Melda Ömeroğlu (born 16 December 1993), known professionally as Lara Melda, is a British-Turkish concert pianist.
Sofia Ennaoui (born 30 August 1995 in Ben Guerir, Morocco) is a Polish athlete competing in the middle-distance running events.
Heo Jung-min (; born November 11, 1982) is a South Korean actor and musician.
KPGB (88.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Licensed to Pryor, Montana, United States, the station serves the Billings, Montana, area.
Chościszowice [xɔɕt͡ɕiʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Soft Lights and Sweet Music is a 1936 British musical film directed by Herbert Smith and starring Bert Ambrose, Evelyn Dall and Harry Tate.
Ajooba Kudrat Ka (English title The Magnificent Guardian) is a 1991 Bollywood thriller directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay who are famous for their horror/thriller films.
Broken Rainbow is a 1985 American documentary film by Maria Florio and Victoria Mudd.
Mohamed Abshir Waldo (, ) was a prominent Somali journalist and political activist.
Batman is a 1960s American live action television series, based on the DC comic book character of the same name.
The Hagstone Demon is a 2009 American horror film directed by Jon Springer and starring Mark Borchardt as a drunken ex-reporter plagued by demonic forces.
Velcrow Ripper (born October 20, 1963 in Gibsons, British Columbia) is a Canadian documentary filmmaker, writer, and public speaker, best known for his Genie Award-winning 2006 film Scared Sacred and his newest feature documentary, Fierce Light: When Spirit Meets Action.
Anandam (English: Happiness) is a 2001 Indian Telugu-language romance film, directed by Srinu Vaitla and starring Jai Akash and Rekha Vedavyas in the lead roles.
John Farey Jr. (20 March 1791 – 17 July 1851) was an English mechanical engineering, consulting engineer and patent agent, known for his pioneering contributions in the field mechanical engineering.
Anusha Rahman Ahmad Khan (Urdu: انوشہ رحمان احمد خان‎; born 1 June 1968) is a Pakistani politician who served as Federal Minister for Information Technology and Telecommunication, in Abbasi cabinet from April 2018 to May 2018.
Now That's What I Call Country Volume 2 is the second country music compilation album from the (U.S.) Now!.
The Double Tongue is a novel by William Golding.
Charles Swinfen Eady, 1st Baron Swinfen, PC (31 July 1851 – 15 November 1919), was a British lawyer and judge. Eady was the son of George John Eady of Chertsey, Surrey, and his wife Laura Maria Smith, daughter of Richard Smith.
Iconfinder is a web company whose main product is a search engine for icons. The company was founded in 2007 by Martin LeBlanc Eigtved.
Talwandi Sabo is a town and Municipal Council in Bathinda district, Punjab, India.
Coolie Killer is a 1982 Hong Kong action film directed by Terry Tong and starring Charlie Chin, Elliot Ngok, Lisa Chiao Chiao and Cecilia Yip.
Bernardo de Gálvez was born in Macharaviaya, a mountain village in the province of Málaga, Spain, on 23 July 1746.
"""Emerge"" is an electroclash song and the first single from debut album #1 by Fischerspooner."
Circus Magic Clowns (서커스 매직 유량단) is the second studio album of the South Korean punk band Crying Nut.
Pery Ribeiro (27 October 1937 – 24 February 2012) was a Brazilian singer of bossa nova, MPB and jazz, active as a singer from 1959 until shortly before his death.
Bermuda Mystery is a 1944 American mystery film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and written by Scott Darling.
Necdet Ünüvar (born 6 June 1960) is a Turkish politician from the Justice and Development Party (AKP), who has served as a Member of Parliament for Adana since 22 July 2007.
Tommaso de Rosa (1621 – 10 October 1695) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Policastro (1695–1679) and Bishop of Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi e Bisaccia (1662–1679).
Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport (IATA: BTR, ICAO: KBTR, FAA LID: BTR), also known as Ryan Field, is a public use airport located four miles (7 km) north of the central business district of Baton Rouge, a city in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.
200m T46: 22.01 Antonis Aresti is an athlete and Paralympian from Cyprus competing mainly in category T46 sprint events.
Nasrul Suhaimin bin Saifuddin (born 27 September 1978), better known by his stage name Bront Palarae, is a Malaysian actor, screenwriter, director and producer.
Out of Left Field is the forty-fifth studio album by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr.
Old Witch Boneyleg is a 1978 anthology of 13 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.
Street's Disciple is the seventh studio album by American rapper Nas, released as a double album on November 30, 2004 by Columbia Records.
Shipwreck is a book published in 1974 that contains text by John Fowles and photography by The Gibsons of Scilly.
Stunts, also released as The Deadly Game, is a 1977 film directed by Mark L. Lester and starring Robert Forster.
The Extended Phenotype is a 1982 book by the evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins, in which the author introduced a biological concept of the same name.
Verona Rag is an album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1986 and released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1987.
Aidan Jenniker (born 3 June 1989) is a South African football (soccer) left-back for Premier Soccer League club Cape Town All Stars.
Pankabad (, also Romanized as Panḵābād and Pangābād) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Ergates (Greek: Eργάτες) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.
Date Night is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Shawn Levy, written by Josh Klausner and starring Steve Carell and Tina Fey as a couple who get caught up in a case of mistaken identity while on a date.
Usha Rajak (Nepali: उषा रजक; born 18 October 1985), is a Nepali/Nepalese actress, model, pastry chef and the winner of World Miss University Nepal 2006.
Shinshu Junior College (信州短期大学, Shinshū tanki daigaku) is a private junior college in Saku, Nagano, Japan, established in 1988.
The Old Swimmin' Hole is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Joe De Grasse based on the poem The Old Swimmin' Hole by James Whitcomb Riley.
CJPT-FM is a radio station, airing at 103.7 FM in Brockville, Ontario, Canada.
Mwadui Airport (IATA: MWN, ICAO: HTMD) is an airport serving the Williamson diamond mine, in the Shinyanga Region of Tanzania.
Chinnadana Nee Kosam () is a Telugu romantic comedy film written and directed by A.
Timeline is the second compilation album by Dutch progressive metal project Ayreon.
The Bibai Dam (美唄ダム, Bibai damu) is a dam in Bibai, Hokkaidō, Japan.
CIUT-FM is a campus and community radio station owned and operated by the University of Toronto.
Felix Bloxsom, is an Australian musician and songwriter, best known for his drumming and percussion playing and also as a DJ and record producer, working under the name 'Plastic Plates'.
""" Six-Pack Summer "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Phil Vassar."
Robert Jahrling (born 14 February 1974) is an Argentinian-born Olympian rower of East German parentage who competed for Australia at three Olympic Games.
Avatar Press is an independent American comic book publisher founded in 1996 by William A. Christensen, and based in Rantoul, Illinois.
Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum (Arabic: حمدان بن راشد أل مكتوم‎, Hamdān bin Rāschid Āl Maktūm; born 25 December 1945) is the Deputy Ruler of Dubai and the Minister of Finance and Industry of the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
Evil Dead Trap (known in Japan as lit. Trap of The Dead Spirits) is a 1988 Japanese horror film directed by Toshiharu Ikeda and produced by Japan Home Video.
Pete Moore, born in Essex, England, was a British composer and arranger for a string of famous artistes since the 1950/60s.
Payback Season is a British drama film written by Danny Donnelly and Jenny Fitzpatrick that was released to cinemas on 9 March 2012.
Fire: The Jimi Hendrix Collection is a posthumous compilation album by American rock musician Jimi Hendrix.
The Center of the Web is a 1914 American short silent crime drama film, directed by Jack Harvey for the Thanhouser Company. It stars Claire Kroell, Frank Wood, and Samuel N.
Legnago (Italian pronunciation: [leɲˈɲaːɡo]) is a town and comune in the Province of Verona, Veneto, northern Italy, with population (2012) of 25,439.
The Federal University of Recôncavo da Bahia (, UFRB) is a Brazilian university, with its main campus at Cruz das Almas, Bahia.
Portage College is a public board-governed community college in Lac La Biche, Alberta, Canada.
Virgil Finlay is a memorial collection of drawings by and appreciations of Virgil Finlay. It was compiled and edited by Donald M. Grant and published in 1971 by Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc. in an edition of 1,202 copies.
Hünengrab im Herbst is the first studio album by German black metal band Nagelfar.
Princess Konstancja Poniatowska (1759–1830) was a Polish noblewoman, niece of king Stanisław August Poniatowski. Konstancja was the daughter of Kazimierz Poniatowski and Apolonia Ustrzycka, and married Ludwik Skumin Tyszkiewicz on April 4, 1775 in Warsaw.
Keezhapalur is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India. census, Keezhapalur had a total population of 4458 with 2275 males and 2183 females.
Nalaka Vithanage is a famous theater, television and cinema director in Sri Lanka. Nalaka was educated at Nalanda College Colombo and has been keenly interested and involved with his passion for stage and teledrama creations and film making while at school.
When I Call Your Name is the third studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill.
""" Centuries "" is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy, released September 9, 2014 as the lead single from their sixth studio album, American Beauty/American Psycho (2015)."
Barry Mayo is a former United States radio executive.
Shane Ivey is an American game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games.
Warmiaki [varˈmjaki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
""" Heart Attack "" is a song by American singer Demi Lovato. The song was released on February 25, 2013, as the lead single from her fourth studio album Demi (2013)."
Tree Carr is an American singer, multi-instrumentalist and actress who has played in a variety of London-based bands and has appeared in several films.
Caspian İnternational Broadcasting Company Sport (CBC Sport) is a television channel in Azerbaijan. It began broadcasting from Baku on 2015 and primarily airs live sporting events and sport-related programming.
Burmarsh is a village Burmarsh: The Fortress in the Marsh? and civil parish in the Folkestone and Hythe District of Kent, England.
As a head coach: Hélio Rubens Garcia (born Franca, Brazil, September 2, 1940), also commonly known as Hélio Rubens, is a former Brazilian professional basketball player and coach.
"Poppa Neutrino, born William David Pearlman, (October 15, 1933, Family Tree Legends & first=William & last=Pearlman William David Pearlman Fresno, California "" His journey started in 1933 in Fresno California. ""."
Bobby Darin (born Walden Robert Cassotto; May 14, 1936 – December 20, 1973) was an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and actor in film and television. He performed jazz, pop, rock and roll, folk, swing, and country music.
You Are Empty is a first-person shooter video game by Ukrainian developers Mandel ArtPlains and Digital Spray Studios.
The Army of the Coasts of Brest (French: Armée des côtes de Brest) was a French Revolutionary Army formed on 30 April 1793 by splitting the Army of the Coasts into this army and the Army of the Coasts of Cherbourg.
The Vampire and the Ballerina () is a 1960 Italian horror film directed and co-written by Renato Polselli.
Audio Active were a Japanese reggae fusion band who released several albums between the early 1990s and the first decade of the 21st century.
Cheqa Vaqfi (Persian: چقاوقفي‎, also Romanized as Cheqā Vaqfī) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Bill Adler is an American music journalist and critic who specializes in hip-hop.
In ancient Greek religion and mythology, Pan (/pæn/; Ancient Greek: Πάν, romanized: Pán) is the god of the wild, shepherds and flocks, nature of mountain wilds, rustic music and impromptus, and companion of the nymphs.
Eyatne Rizo Gómez (born 18 October 1995) is a Cuban handball player for Fleury Loiret HB and the Cuban national team.
The Jackals of a Great City is a 1916 American silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
Mottram St Andrew is a village and civil parish in Cheshire, England. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 493.
Alejandro Gattiker (born 5 May 1958) is a former professional tennis player from Argentina.
Ćelije is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality, Nišava District in Serbia.
S. Debono's Lezioni di Filosofia (1845) S. Debono (19th century) was a Maltese scientist, linguist and minor philosopher. In philosophy he mostly specialised in ontology.
The Elligserbrink Shale Formation is a geologic formation in Germany.
Asadabad-e Rahnama (Persian: اسداباد رهنما‎, also romanized as Asadābād-e Rahnamā) is a village in Bayaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Simon Carter is an artist and curator who was born in Chelmsford, Essex in 1961. He studied at Colchester Institute (1980–81) and then North East London Polytechnic (1981–84).
Domhnall Gleeson (/ˈdoʊnəl ˈɡliːsən/; born 12 May 1983) is an Irish actor, voice actor, screenwriter, and short film director.
Verkhnyaya Gezaldara, is an abandoned village in Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.
Charles Leo Hitchcock at the University of Washington Herbarium Charles Leo Hitchcock (April 23, 1902 & ndash; February 3, 1986) was an American botanist.
Giorgio Boris Giuliano (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdʒordʒo ˈbɔːriz dʒuˈljaːno]; October 22, 1930 – July 21, 1979) was a police chief from Palermo, Sicily.
Viimne linn () is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi.
Julia is a 2014 American neo-noir horror film and the feature film directorial debut of Matthew A. Brown.
Bishop Chuck Murphy Biography The AMiA was a founding member of the Common Cause Partnership in June 2004, among six traditionalist Anglican organizations.
Hinchingbrooke School is a large secondary school situated on the outskirts of Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire, historically in Huntingdonshire.
The Sexual Health Resource Centre (SHRC) is a non-profit information and referral service that addresses sex, sexuality, and sexual health. It serves the community of Kingston, Ontario, Canada, and is located in the John Deutsch University Centre of Queen’s University.
The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz is a 2014 American biographical documentary film about Aaron Swartz written, directed, and produced by Brian Knappenberger.
Ouintini is a village in the Sabce Department of Bam Province in northern-central Burkina Faso. It has a population of 743.
Waller's Last Trip (German: Wallers letzter Gang), is a 1989 West German drama film directed by Christian Wagner.
Frans G. Hu Kon (born 1917, date of death unknown) was an Indonesian football defender who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Shrek The Musical is a musical with music by Jeanine Tesori and book and lyrics by David Lindsay-Abaire.
Schneverdingen (German pronunciation: [ˈʃneːvɐdɪŋən]; Low Saxon Snevern) is a town in the northern part of the district of Heidekreis, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Aboncourt-sur-Seille () is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Sir Robert Leicester Harmsworth, 1st Baronet (1 November 1870 – 19 January 1937) was a British businessman and Liberal politician.
The Navy Yard, formerly known as the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard and Philadelphia Naval Business Center, was an important naval shipyard of the United States for almost two centuries.
CHSR-FM is a campus-licensed radio station in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.
The Iola Formation is a geologic formation in Illinois and Oklahoma.
Daisy Daze is the second EP released by Spencer Tracy.
The Atarque Sandstone is a geologic formation in New Mexico.
Atanas Atanasov (Bulgarian: Атанас Атанасов; born 14 July 1985 in Pleven) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender.
"Ojōsan shachō (お嬢さん社長), lit. ""Madame Company President"", is a 1953 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Yuzo Kawashima."
Navigational is the second full-length album by Centro-Matic.
Bibiyoni (also, Bibinoni, Bibiyani, Bibiany, and Bibioni) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 849.
KCFB is a Christian radio station licensed to Saint Cloud, Minnesota, broadcasting on 91.5 & nbsp;MHz FM.
Prrenjas (also written Përrenjas, definite Albanian form: Përrenjasi) is a town and a municipality in Elbasan County, eastern Albania.
Uwe Kamps (born 12 June 1964) is a German retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Born in Düsseldorf, Kamps joined Borussia Mönchengladbach from amateur club BV 04 Düsseldorf.
"Quiet Lake is a lake in Yukon, Canada that is 28 kilometers in length and the largest lake of the three Big Salmon River system lakes. ""."
Smajl Martini Ivezaj (born ca. 1850, Grudë, Ottoman Albania - dead 1911, Battle of Vranje) was an Albanian bajraktar from the Grude tribe who led the Albanian forces against the Ottomans in the Battle of Vranje in 1911.
Przecławek [pʂɛt͡sˈwavɛk] (German: Prinzenfelde) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Baradine is a small town in north western New South Wales, Australia. At the 2006 census, Baradine had a population of 593.
Love Language was the eighth album by R&B/Soul crooner Teddy Pendergrass.
China West Normal University (CWNU; ) is a comprehensive normal university featuring teacher education and training in Nanchong, Sichuan, China.
Strange Intruder is a 1956 film noir crime film directed by Irving Rapper and starring Edmund Purdom and Ida Lupino.
Creature of the Night is a young adult novel by Kate Thompson.
Radulphus de Canaberiis or Raoul de Chenevières (c.1240-1297) was a French nobleman, teacher of Roman law in Orléans (France).
Vimochanam (transl. Directed by T. Marconi, the film stars Hemalatha, Kanthamani, Baby Jaya, Indira and Bhagirathi.
Lights Below were a Post-Hardcore band from Burnaby, British Columbia.
Strandhugget (or Almborga) is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 261 inhabitants in 2010.
Olmeca Products Olmeca Tequila is a tequila produced in Jalisco, Mexico.
Edwige Lawson (born May 14, 1979 in Rennes, Ille-et-Vilaine, Brittany), also Edwige Lawson-Wade, is a French professional women's basketball player.
The Grande Hotel of Ouro Preto (Portuguese: Grande Hotel de Ouro Preto) is a hotel in Ouro Preto, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
Węgrce Panieńskie [ˈvɛŋɡrt͡sɛ paˈɲɛɲskʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Tales from Terra Firma is the second studio album by British indie rock band Stornoway.
""" Destination Nowhere "" is the second single released by Japanese singer Erika Sawajiri under the alias Erika."
Mojtaba Karamian (Persian: مجتبی کرمیان‎, born 13 March 1989) is an Iranian handball player for Magnesium Ferdows and the Iranian national team.
Laldenga (1927-1990) was a Mizo politician and the first Chief Minister of Mizoram state in northeast India from 1986 till 1988.
Bulbul, (Azerbaijani: Bülbül, born Murtuza Rza oglu Mammadov, 22 June 1897 – 26 September 1961) was a famous Azerbaijani and Soviet opera tenor, folk music performer, and one of the founders of vocal arts and national musical theatre in Azerbaijan.
Dharanendra is the Yaksha (attendant deity) of Parshvanatha, twenty-third Tirthankara in Jainism.
Gérard Dionne (19 June 1919 – 13 May 2020) was a Canadian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and the oldest Roman Catholic Bishop of Canada.
A. Durairasu was an Indian politician and former Member of Parliament elected from Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Lok Sabha from Perambalur constituency as a Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate in 1967 and 1971 elections.
Ərəbsarvan is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 512.
'Peter Fatomilola'Bold text' (born January 16, 1946) is a Nigerian dramatist, film actor, poet and prolific playwright.
Codex Daltonianus, known as Minuscule 1423 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by A119 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on a paper.
Tommy Atkins is a 1915 British silent war film directed by Bert Haldane and starring Blanche Forsythe, Jack Tessier and Roy Travers.
Beautiful is the third studio album by The Reels and was released in 1982 by special licence on the budget-priced K-tel label.
London Calling! was a musical revue, produced by André Charlot with music and lyrics by Noël Coward, which opened at London's Duke of York's Theatre on 4 September 1923.
Minor Chords and Major Themes is a 1999 album by Gigolo Aunts.
The Grosvenor Challenge Cup, commonly known as the Grosvenor Cup, was a trophy presented by Lord Edward Grosvenor in 1923 to the winner of a light aircraft time trial competition.
Union Glacier Blue-Ice Runway (IATA: UGL, ICAO: SCGC) is the blue ice runway for Union Glacier Camp in Antarctica.
Shaky Dream is the second studio album by Canadian band Dinosaur Bones.
Barca was born in Turin, the son of a senior member of the old Italian Communist Party (PCI). He is a graduate of La Sapienza University of Rome.
The Fucking Buckaroos are a folk punk band from San Francisco, California.
Taran Bajaj is an Indian casting director and actor who worked as associate casting director in the film like Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, Fukrey.
Suck It and See is the fourth studio album by English rock band Arctic Monkeys, released on 6 June 2011 by Domino Recording Company.
Django Django is the debut album by British art rock band Django Django.
Poster for an 1897 exhibition at the Salon des Cent Andrew Kay Womrath (1869–1939) was an American artist who became well known in France, although he was not widely recognized in the United States.
Clara-Jumi Kang (Korean: 강주미, born 1987) is a German violinist of South Korean descent. Clara-Jumi Kang was born in Mannheim, Germany to Korean parents.
Sarjana Sharma (born 18 March 1959) is a senior Indian journalist who began her career at a time when there were very few women in working Hindi media.
The Great plains skink, together with the broad-headed skink, is the largest skink of the genus Plestiodon. It reaches a length of 9 to 13 cm from snout to vent (SVL) or Up to nearly 34 cm total length (including the tail).
Paul Mazurkiewicz (born September 8, 1968) is an American drummer best known as a member for death metal band Cannibal Corpse.
Iat is an Ancient Egyptian minor goddess of milk and, by association, of nurturing and childbirth.
Emily Newell Blair (January 9, 1877 – August 3, 1951) was an American writer, suffragist, feminist, national Democratic Party political leader, and a founder of the League of Women Voters.
The Hudson Bay expedition of 1686 was one of the Anglo-French conflicts on Hudson Bay.
Joëlle Léandre (born 12 September 1951 in Aix-en-Provence, France) is a double bassist, vocalist, and composer active in new music and free improvisation.
"Jas Arora is an Indian model and Bollywood actor, best known for his appearance in the music video ""Gur Naalo Ishq Mitha"" (1998)."
Delimeđe is a village in the municipality of Tutin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 445 people.
Melissa Amit Farkash (Hebrew: עמית פרקש‎; born May 26, 1989) is a Canadian-born Israeli actress and singer of Jewish ancestry and is famous as the protagonist of the television series Split.
Osiris Eldridge (born June 18, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for Büyükçekmece of the Turkish Basketball Super League (BSL).
Maxwell Maltz (March 10, 1899 – April 7, 1975) was an American cosmetic surgeon and author of Psycho-Cybernetics (1960), which was a system of ideas that he claimed could improve one's self-image leading to a more successful and fulfilling life.
"""You Look Good in My Shirt"" is a song, written by Mark Nesler, Tom Shapiro, and Tony Martin and recorded by Australian country music artist Keith Urban for his 2002 album Golden Road."
The Bold Men is a 1965 documentary film directed by William Friedkin.
Burkersroda is a village and a former municipality in the Burgenlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 July 2009, it is part of the municipality Balgstädt.
Anton Stres, C. (born 15 December 1942), was the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ljubljana and the metropolitan bishop of Ljubljana as well as the president of the Slovenian Bishops' Conference from January 2010 until July 2013.
Pierrot, born Tamás Zoltán Marosi (3 September 1969, in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian pop singer, computer and tabletop game designer, musician and producer, best known internationally for his video game series AGON (Ancient Games Of Nations) and Yoomurjak's Ring.
Alec Issigonis was born 18 November 1906, into the Greek cosmopolitan community of the Ottoman port Smyrna (now İzmir, Turkey) in Asia Minor.
The Didjits were an American punk rock band formed in Mattoon, Illinois in 1983, composed of Rick Sims (a.k.a. Rick Didjit) on guitar/vocals, Doug Evans on bass, and Rick's brother Brad Sims, on drums.
Toni Micevski (Macedonian: Тони Мицевски; born 20 January 1970 in Bitola, SFR Yugoslavia) is a football midfielder from North Macedonia.
Kevin Morris (born c. 1962) is an American football coach and former player.
Mohamed Haddadou (born 24 December 1974) is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played in Ligue 2 with USL Dunkerque, Le Mans Union Club 72 and Stade Reims.
Ben Cramer (born Bernardus Kramer, 17 February 1947) is a Dutch singer who represented the Netherlands in the 1973 Eurovision Song Contest.
Banavand (Persian: بناوند‎, also Romanized as Banāvand) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Tresoweshill is a hamlet in the civil parish of Germoe in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Mutthu Ondu Mutthu (Kannada: ಮುತ್ತು ಒಂದು ಮುತ್ತು) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film, directed by R.
The Poem Tree was a beech tree with a poem carved into it by Joseph Tubb, located on Castle Hill at Wittenham Clumps in Oxfordshire, England.
Hällevik is a locality situated in Sölvesborg Municipality, Blekinge County, Sweden, with 813 inhabitants in 2010.
Qntal I is the debut album of the German Darkwave/Gothic rock/Industrial band Qntal.
China Europe International Business School (CEIBS; simplified Chinese: 中欧国际工商学院; traditional Chinese: 中歐國際工商學院) is a business school located in Shanghai, China.
O God Save Us All is the ninth studio album from Christian metal group Disciple released on November 13, 2012 in CD & Digital format.
Sinner is a 2007 drama film directed by Marc Benardout and starring Nick Chinlund, Georgina Cates, Michael E. Rodgers, Tom Wright, and Brad Dourif.
Sabre-Tooth is the title of an action-adventure novel by Peter O'Donnell which was first published in 1966, featuring the character Modesty Blaise which O'Donnell had created for the comic strip of the title.
"""It's High Time"" is a song written by Randy Goodrum and Brent Maher, and recorded by American country music artist Dottie West."
Lane Caudell (born April 25, 1952) is an American actor and singer-songwriter who is best known for his roles in the films Goodbye, Franklin High, Hanging on a Star and for playing Woody King on the NBC daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives (1982–1983).
Maxamed Daahir Afrax (Somali: Maxamed Daahir Afraax, Arabic: محمد طاهر أفرح‎) Ph. D. is a Somali novelist, playwright, journalist and scholar.
Park Jong-ho (Hangul: 박종호, Hanja: 朴鍾皓) (born 27 July 1973) is a South Korean second baseman who plays for the LG Twins in the Korea Baseball Organization.
WIFY (93.7 FM) is an Adult Album Alternative formatted radio station that is part of The Point radio network. Licensed to Addison, Vermont, United States, the station serves the Middlebury, Vermont, Burlington, Vermont-Plattsburgh, New York area.
Knowsley Community College is a further education college based over three sites in the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley, in Merseyside, England.
Becky Yee (/ˈliːbəvɪts/; born July 4, 1969) is an American portrait photographer. Born in New York, New York, on July 4, 1969, Yee is a third generation Chinese American.
The Abbess: A Romance is a gothic novel by William Henry Ireland first published in 1799.
Cowboy Counsellor is a 1932 American Pre-Code Western film starring Hoot Gibson and directed by George Melford.
Lunatic Soul is a progressive rock side-project, founded by Riverside vocalist and bass guitarist Mariusz Duda in 2008.
Francisco Arturo Michelena Castillo (Spanish pronunciation: [aɾˈtuɾo mitʃeˈlena]; 16 June 1863  – 29 July 1898) was a Venezuelan painter born in Valencia in Carabobo State.
Stewart has an older brother, Cameron B. Stewart, and two adopted brothers, Dana and Taylor.
1974 is a cross-over progressive rock band from Newington, Connecticut. The band consists of Mike Forgette (guitar and vocals), Tim Moore (drums and vocals), Gary Dionne (bass and vocals), Adam Clymer (guitar), and Parker Hu (keys and vocals).
Nigel Hamilton (born 16 February 1944) is a British-born biographer, academic, and broadcaster, whose works have been translated into sixteen languages.
Taban Deng Gai is a South Sudanese politician who has been one of the Vice Presidents of South Sudan in the unity government since February 2020.
Debne is a town in central Djibouti located in Tadjoura.
Nude is the fourth studio album by Dead or Alive, released in 1988 on Epic Records.
Tamponga is a village in the Kongoussi Department of Bam Province in northern Burkina Faso. It has a population of 491.
Virago is a 1999 EP collection by the Norwegian gothic metal band Theatre of Tragedy.
The Silk Road (Japanese: 敦煌, Hepburn: Tonkō), also known as Dun-Huang, is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Junya Satō.
Appena prima di partire (en: Just before departing) is the second studio album by Italian Pop duo Zero Assoluto.
Enkhsaikhany Nyam-Ochir (Mongolian: Энхсайханы Ням-Очир) is a Mongolian male wrestler.
Hellyeah, stylized as HELLYEAH, is an American heavy metal supergroup formed in Dallas, Texas in 2006. The band's current lineup consists of lead vocalist Chad Gray, guitarists Christian Brady and Tom Maxwell, bassist Kyle Sanders, and drummer Roy Mayorga.
3 A.M. is a 2014 Hindi musical horror directed by Vishal Mahadkar, the film stars Rannvijay Singh, Anindita Nayar, Salil Acharya and Kavin Dave in lead roles.
K. B. Tilak (14 January 1926 – 23 September 2010) was an Indian independence activist, film director and producer.
Bessie Bonehill (17 February 1855 – 21 August 1902) was an English vaudeville singer, comic entertainer and male impersonator.
Coming Through Slaughter: The Bolden Legend All Music Guide Album I.D. R 1801814 is the first large ensemble jazz album by composer Dave Lisik.
Sibille Attar (born 27 November 1981 in Örebro, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter and producer of French origin.
"Fey: Primera Fila is the acoustic album by Mexican pop singer Fey. The live album, part of Sony's ""Primera Fila"" series, was shot and recorded in Mexico on June 22, 2012 in front of fans and special guests on an invite-only basis."
The 2010 FIFA World Cup Final was a football match that took place on 11 July 2010 at Soccer City in Johannesburg, South Africa, to determine the winner of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
"Rodina or Motherland-National Patriotic Union (Russian: Партия ""РОДИНА"", romanized: Rodina – Narodno-Patrioticheskiy Soyuz) is a nationalist political party in Russia."
Adriana Barrientos (16 April 1980) is a Chilean model, actress, celebrity figure of the Chilean television.
The Delaware County Daily Times is a daily newspaper published in the Primos section of Upper Darby Township, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Mario Bossi (born January 23, 1909 in Rome) was an Italian professional football player.
Paul Rolland Bebey Kingué (born 9 November 1986) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer. In June 2006, Roland signed for Douala Athletic Club, before moving to Les Astres FC In 2011, he played for New Stars de Douala.
Vanakkam Chennai () is a 2013 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by debutant Kiruthiga Udhayanidhi.
Kala Ramnath is an Indian classical violinist.
Graziella Moretto (born May 15, 1972 in Santos) is a Brazilian actress.
Nasir Iqbal Bosal (; born 9 August 1949) is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, since August 2018.
"Shiki-Tei (四季庭, which translates as ""Four Seasons Garden"") is a downloadable gardening simulator for the PlayStation 3 . This life simulation game's purpose is to create and maintain a Japanese garden."
Neil Coleta is a Filipino actor. Coleta graduated from Adamson University.
Inadmissible Evidence is a 1968 British drama film directed by Anthony Page and starring Nicol Williamson and Jill Bennett.
Return to the Last Chance Saloon is the second studio album by English rock band The Bluetones, released on 9 March 1998.
Dario Martinelli (Andria, Italy, March 1, 1974) is an Italian semiotician, musicologist and composer.
Ex Stasis is a public art work created by American artist Richard Lippold and located on the campus of Marquette University in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Lidiya Maksimenko (born ) is an Azerbaijani female former volleyball player, playing as an outside-spiker.
Leština () is a village and municipality (obec) in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
Masthead Island is a coral cay located in the southern Great Barrier Reef, 60 kilometres northeast of Gladstone, Queensland. The island is a protected area and forms part of Capricornia Cays National Park.
The Pirates of Capri (), released in the United Kingdom as The Masked Pirate, is a 1949 Italian/American international co-production swashbuckler film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer starring Louis Hayward.
Sörmjöle is a locality situated in Umeå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 212 inhabitants in 2010.
Victor Bernard King, Jr. (born July 24, 1981) is an American professional basketball player for UJAP Quimper 29 of the LNB Pro B.
Strathalbyn Road is a South Australian road connecting the towns of Aldgate, Mylor, Echunga, Macclesfield and Strathalbyn.
Qurbani Rang Layegi is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj N. Sippy and produced by K.K.
Here's Some Love is the sixth studio album by American country music singer Tanya Tucker.
Vinyl is a 2000 documentary film by Toronto filmmaker/record collector Alan Zweig.
Black Hills Ambush is a 1952 American western film directed by Harry Keller and starring Allan Lane, Leslie Banning and Eddy Waller.
Norman's Cay Airport (IATA: NMC, ICAO: MYEN) is an airport serving Norman's Cay, one of the Exuma Islands in The Bahamas.
Teaching a Child to Walk (c. 1668-1672) is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch painter Pieter de Hooch.
Small Miracles is the eleventh studio album released by Canadian country rock band Blue Rodeo, released on September 25, 2007.
Tri-City Airport is a privately owned, public use airport located two & nbsp;nautical miles (4 & nbsp;km) southeast of the central business district of West Lafayette, a village in Coshocton County, Ohio, United States.
After the Storm is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
Novychyna (Ukrainian: Новичина) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.
Tomingley is a town in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.
Catharine van Tussenbroek (4 August 1852 – 5 May 1925) was a Dutch physician and feminist.
Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal musician Michael Angelo Batio.
Ze'ev Seltzer (; born 9 February 1944) is an Israeli former footballer and current manager. As a player, he represented Maccabi Petah Tikva and the Israeli national team two times.
Glad Tidings Tabernacle is a church located at located at 2207 Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard between West 130th and 131st Street in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
York Museums Trust (YMT) is the charity responsible for operating some key museums and galleries in York, England.
Clema Dui is a settlement in Kenya's Tana River County. The estimated population is 149, and the settlement lies at an elevation of .
Mützig is a beer brand owned by Heineken and its subsidiaries, and was originally brewed in 1810 by of Alsace, France.
With its 160,000 exhibits, the Arts and Crafts Museum is a national-level museum for artistic production and the history of material culture in Croatia.
Chaka Mkali (born 1972), better known by his stage name I Self Devine, is an American hip hop musician based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He has been a member of groups such as The Dynospectrum, Micranots, and Semi.Official.
The United States Third Fleet is one of the numbered fleets in the United States Navy.
Mammari (Greek: Μάμμαρι) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus north of Kokkinotrimithia and partly within the UN Buffer Zone.
Rümligen is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
General Pio del Pilar National High School is a public high school in Osias St., Poblacion, Makati City.
Ayatollah Hajj Sheykh Hasan Ali Nejabat Shirazi was an Iranian mystic, author of several published theological works, and political activist.
Chris Strachwitz (born July 1, 1931) is a German-born American record label executive and record producer.
The THTR-300 was a thorium high-temperature nuclear reactor rated at 300 MW electric (THTR-300) in Hamm-Uentrop, Germany.
Ames Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located two miles (3 & nbsp;km) southeast of the central business district of Ames, a city in Story County, Iowa, United States.
Stephen Shiu (born 22 July 1949) is a Hong Kong-based media personality, businessperson, film producer, screenwriter, news presenter, and pundit.
"Il 7 e l'8 (""7 and 8"") is a 2007 Italian comedy film written and directed by Giambattista Avellino and by Ficarra e Picone."
Colea Răutu (; 18 November 1912 – 13 May 2008) was a Romanian actor, born in Bălţi (Russian Empire, now Republic of Moldova).
North Babylon Union Free School District is a school district in North Babylon, New York, United States. The current superintendent is Glen Eschbach.
Pełcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Ruth Edmonds Hill is an American scholar, oral historian, oral storytelling editor, journal editor, educator, historic preservation advocate and spouse of Dr.
The Cabinet of Curiosities is a thriller novel by American writers Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child, released on June 3, 2002 by Grand Central Publishing.
State of Emergency is the fourth studio album by Australian punk rock band The Living End, released in Australia and New Zealand on 4 February 2006 and internationally on 11 July 2006.
Oosthem (West Frisian: Easthim) is a village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.
The Soul's Place (, also known as The Soul's Haven) is a 2003 Italian romantic comedy-drama film, written and directed by Riccardo Milani.
Natsuko Kuwatani (桑谷 夏子, Kuwatani Natsuko, born August 8, 1978 in Ōme, Tokyo) is a Japanese voice actress who works for I'm Enterprise as of March 1, 2008.
Before You Exit is an American pop rock band originally from Orlando, Florida, now based in Los Angeles, California.
DAP Helicópteros is a Helicopter operator based in Punta Arenas, Chile.
"Albert ""Papa"" French (November 16, 1910 &ndash; September 28, 1977) was an American jazz musician, banjo player, and band leader."
Ardraly (Irish: Ard Ráile) is a townland located in the barony of West Carbery, in County Cork, Ireland.
Ivanci (pronounced [iˈʋaːntsi]; Hungarian: Zalaivánd) is a small village southeast of Bogojina in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.
The Last Hammer Blow (French: Le Dernier Coup de marteau) is a 2014 French drama film directed by Alix Delaporte.
""" 5:15 "" is a song by American recording artist Bridgit Mendler, from her debut studio album, Hello My Name Is... (2012)."
Yaadein (English: Memories) is a 2001 Indian Hindi musical drama film written, directed, edited and produced by Subhash Ghai.
Il mistero di Bellavista (also known as Bellavista's Mystery and The Mystery of Bellavista) is a 1985 Italian comedy film written, directed and starring Luciano De Crescenzo.
Aimala is a village located in the Lempäälä municipality of Finland.
Aboubacar M'Baye Camara (born December 27, 1985) is a Guinean footballer who currently plays for RFC Meux in Belgium. He joined in summer 2004 to Belgian side K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen from his native Guinean club Satellite FC.
"Michelle Gurevich is a Canadian singer-songwriter, also known by her former stage name Chinawoman. Her music is influenced by her Russian heritage, and has been described as slowcore rock and ""lo-fi pop""."
Little Mink Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands, Lennox and Addington County in Ontario, Canada.
Zaw Myint Maung () is a Burmese politician and former political prisoner who currently serves as Chief Minister of Mandalay Region and Mandalay Region MP for Amarapura Township.
Groupe Flammarion (French: [gʁup flamaʁjɔ̃]) is the fourth-largest publishing group in France, comprising many units, including its namesake, founded in 1876 by Ernest Flammarion, as well as units in distribution, sales, printing and bookshops (La Hune and Flammarion Center).
Graham Williams (24 May 1945 – 17 August 1990) was an English television producer and script editor.
The Janitors were an alternative rock/noise rock band from Sunderland & Newcastle, formed in 1984.
The Fabulous Johnny Cash is the second studio album by American country singer, Johnny Cash and was his first to be released by Columbia Records, marking the beginning of a long association with the label.
Edvan Bakaj (born 9 October 1987) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Albanian club Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.
Stelągi-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Belchamp Otten is a village and civil parish in Essex, England.
Heathen Chemistry is the fifth studio album by English rock band Oasis.
"Sadiya (xôdiya, meaning ""land of rising sun"") is a town in Tinsukia district, Assam, India and was the third capital of Chutia Kingdom established by the second Sutiya ruler Ratnadhwajpal in 1248 and remained as the capital till 1524."
Qaleh-ye Juy (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Jūy) is a village in Balesh Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.
Greg Barrett is an American author, freelance writer, public speaker, and former newspaper and wire journalist.
The Year of Living Dangerously is a 1978 novel by Christopher Koch in which a male Australian journalist, a female British diplomat, and a Chinese-Australian male dwarf interact in Indonesia in the summer and autumn of 1965.
Philtranco Service Enterprises, Inc. (Philippine Transportation Company) is a bus company in the Philippines, servicing routes to Bicol, Eastern Visayas, Caraga, Davao Region, and Northern Mindanao.
Mera Faisla (English: My Decision) is a 1984 Indian film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu.
4 Fun was a Dutch boy band consisting of Jimmy Geduld , Winston Gerschtanowitz, Michiel de Zeeuw and Chris Zegers .
Weezer is an American rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1992. Since 2001, the band has consisted of Rivers Cuomo (lead vocals, lead guitar, keyboards), Patrick Wilson (drums), Brian Bell (guitar, backing vocals, keyboards), and Scott Shriner (bass, backing vocals).
Via Darjeeling is a 2008 Indian Hindi film directed by debutant Arindam Nandy.
Bruno Thiry (born 8 October 1962) is a Belgian rally driver.
Frances Clarke Sayers (September 4, 1897 – June 24, 1989) was an American children's librarian, author of children's books, and lecturer on children's literature.
Katchatheevu (Tamil: கச்சத்தீவு, romanized: Kaccattīvu, Sinhala: කච්චතීවු, romanized: kaccatīvu) is an uninhabited island administered by Sri Lanka and was a disputed territory claimed by India until 1976.
The Selfish Giant is a 2013 British drama film directed by Clio Barnard.
Septimus Heap is a series of fantasy novels featuring a protagonist of the same name written by English author Angie Sage.
Rennie Smith (14 April 1888 – 25 May 1962) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom who served as a Member of parliament (MP) from 1924 to 1931.
Edmund Kalikst Eugeniusz Charaszkiewicz (; Poniec, 14 October 1895 – 22 December 1975, London) was a Polish military intelligence officer who specialized in clandestine warfare.
Niranjan Das Gulhati was an Indian civil engineer, water resources consultant and writer, known for his mediation in the Indus Waters Treaty of 1960 between India and Pakistan.
Leonard Nienhuis (born 16 March 1990) is a former Dutch footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He formerly played for FC Groningen, SC Veendam and SC Cambuur.
REDIRECT Poor Moon (Poor Moon album).
The Movement of Socialists (Serbian: Покрет социјалиста, Pokret socijalista, PS) is a left-wing populist and nationalist political party in Serbia. Founded in 2008, it is currently led by Aleksandar Vulin, a former member of Yugoslav Left.
Koondra Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia and a subdivision of the North-West Land Division, located in the Pilbara region of the state.
Enjoy CCCP is a compilation album by the Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea released by Virgin Records on 1994.
Zephyr (Turkish: Zefir) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Belma Baş, which tells the story of a young girl's (Zefir) longing for her mother while staying with her grandparents for summer holidays in the beautiful mountains of the Black Sea region.
Pearls of Passion is the debut studio album by Swedish pop duo Roxette, originally released on cassette and vinyl on 31 October 1986 in Scandinavia and Canada.
2000 Won (hangul: 이천원) is a South Korean male duo formed in 2013. The duo consists of friends Kim Hyo-Bin and Kim Il-Do who came to prominence on K-pop Star 2, finishing in the Top Four.
Hedwig Jagiellon (Lithuanian: Jadvyga Jogailaitė, Polish: Jadwiga Jagiellonka; 8 April 1408, Kraków – 8 December 1431, Kraków) was a Polish and Lithuanian princess, and a member of the Jagiellon dynasty.
Toowoomba State High School (TSHS) is a co-educational State High School located in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia.
Humanité () is a 1999 film directed by Bruno Dumont.
Valjevo Gymnasium (Valjevska gimnazija in Serbian) is a public secondary education school located in Valjevo (Valjevo High School).
Maracon is a municipality in the district of Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Aamir Bashir (Hindi: आमिर बशीर) is an Indian actor and film producer.
Sarchehan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سرچهان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.
Chah-e Rezai (, also Romanized as Chāh-e Rez̤ā'ī) is a village in Yunesi Rural District, Yunesi District, Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Crimebusters + Crossed Wires: Stories from This American Life is a compilation album featuring radio broadcasts from This American Life.
William Turner Coggeshall (1824–1867) was a publisher, librarian, and ambassador. William T. Coggeshall was born in Lewistown, Pennsylvania on September 6, 1824.
Pearl Slaghoople is a fictional character on the animated TV show The Flintstones. She is the mother of Wilma Flintstone, who is married to Fred Flintstone.
Spirits is an album by American jazz saxophonist Lee Konitz recorded in 1971 and released on the Milestone label.
Dallas Eliuk (born November 4, 1964 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a former goaltender and assistant coach in the National Lacrosse League.
Nahum Admoni (Hebrew: נחום אדמוני; born November 21, 1929) is a former Israeli intelligence officer who served as the Director-General of the Mossad from 1982 to 1989.
Carolyn Lawrence (born February 13, 1967) is an American actress and voice actress, who is known for her long-running voice role as Sandy Cheeks on the Nickelodeon TV Show SpongeBob SquarePants.
KSUM 1370 AM is a radio station licensed to Fairmont, Minnesota.
XHQW-FM is a radio station on 90.1 FM in Mérida, Yucatán.
Şakir Eczacıbaşı, (3 December 1929 - 24 January 2010), a second generation member of the notable Turkish Eczacıbaşı family, was a pharmacist, photographer and businessman.
Sabina de Iturbide y Huarte (30 December 1810 — 15 July 1871) was the daughter of Agustín de Iturbide and Ana María Huarte who received the title of Mexican Princess during the First Mexican Empire by the Constituent Congress.
The Mende Kikakui script is a syllabary used for writing the Mende language of Sierra Leone.
Oskar-Fredriksborg is a locality situated in Vaxholm Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 722 inhabitants in 2010.
The Florida Formation is a geologic formation in Texas.
Lisa Marie Presley (born February 1, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter. She is the only child of singer and actor Elvis Presley and actress Priscilla Presley, as well as the sole heir to her father's estate.
Asimat Jar Heral Seema (; literally: Who lost Their Limit in Infinity) is an Assamese Novel written by Bhubanmohan Baruah under the Pen name of Kanchan Baruah.
The United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) is the United Nations programme for human settlements and sustainable urban development.
Clemens van den Broeck (born 1943) is a Dutch artist, and goldsmith.
"Hamodia (Hebrew: המודיע‎ – ""the Informer"") is a Hebrew-language daily newspaper published in Jerusalem."
The Iowa State Cyclones are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Iowa State University, located in Ames.
Reena Choudhary (born. 2 June 1968) is a political and social worker and a member of parliament elected from the Mohanlalganj constituency in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and has been a Samajwadi Party candidate.
Abdul Wahid Nazari (Pashto: عبدالواحد نظري‎) is an Afghan film writer, director and producer. He is the director of Radio Television Afghanistan.
Fahad Al-Musaibeah is an Arabian football Midfielder who played for Saudi Arabia in the 1984 Olympic Games.
Lakshmi Rai (born on 5 May 1985), professionally credited as Raai Laxmi is an Indian film actress and model born in Belgaum who predominantly appears in Tamil and Malayalam as well as Telugu and Kannada films.
Enaam Elgretly ( انعام الجريتلي), also transliterated as Inaam El Gretly, is an Egyptian actress.
"WZZL (106.7 FM, "" 106-7 ZZL Rocks! "" ) is a radio station licensed to the community of Reidland, Kentucky, and serves the greater Paducah, Kentucky, area."
Limun (, also Romanized as Līmūn) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
The Quest is a novel by author Wilbur Smith first published in 2007.
Nidhan Singh Gudhan was a communist activist, a central team member of Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist).
Coordinates: 33°22′15″N 112°04′21″W﻿ / ﻿33.370763°N 112.072433°W﻿ / 33.370763; -112.072433 South Pointe High School is a charter high school in Phoenix, Arizona, United States.
Shannon Airport (Irish: Aerfort na Sionainne) (IATA: SNN, ICAO: EINN) is an international airport located in County Clare in the Republic of Ireland.
Wheeling High School, or WHS, is a public four-year high school located in Wheeling, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.
Bagienice Szlacheckie (Polish pronunciation: [baɡʲɛˈɲitsɛ ʂlaˈxɛtskʲɛ]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Sir Henry Norris (or Norreys) (c. 1482 – 17 May 1536) was an English courtier who was Groom of the Stool in the privy chamber of King Henry VIII.
"Sid Roams is an American record production team composed of Joey Chavez and Tavish ""Bravo"" Graham."
Lindsay Thomas (April 3, 1978 & ndash; February 3, 2010) was a Canadian stage actress of Stratford, Ontario and Toronto theatre productions.
Bernardo Cavallino (1616–1656) was an Italian painter and draughtsman. He is regarded as one of the most original painters active in Naples during the first half of the 17th century.
Daniel Lionel Hanington (June 27, 1835 – May 5, 1909) was a New Brunswick, Canada politician and jurist. He was born at Shediac, New Brunswick, the son of Daniel Hanington, and was educated there and at Mount Allison Academy in Sackville.
Loamhedge is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 2003.
The Memory Wars: Freud's Legacy in Dispute is a 1995 book that reprints articles by the critic Frederick Crews critical of Sigmund Freud, the founder of psychoanalysis, and recovered-memory therapy.
Tunçoluk (formerly Panik) is a village in the central district (Ardahan) of Ardahan Province, Turkey.
Souderton Area High School is a large high school in the Montgomery County suburbs of Philadelphia located at 625 Lower Road in Souderton, Pennsylvania, United States, and serves residents in Souderton and Telford boroughs, and Franconia, Lower Salford and Upper Salford townships.
George Hummel (born February 9, 1976 in Mariental) is a Namibian football defender who plays for Blue Boys F.C.
Alfred Deakin High School is a government secondary school in Deakin, Australian Capital Territory, covering years 7 to 10 in the Territory's education system.
Organisation of the Commissioner for Philately and Scripophily (Russian: Организация Уполномоченного по филателии и бонам в СССР (ОУФБ)) was established in Moscow in 1922 by the All-Russian Central Executive Committee (VTsIK) for matters concerned with philately and bonds.
Bill Zwaan (born November 9, 1954) in an American football coach, former football player, and former baseball coach.
Coordinates: 20°12′S 57°30′E﻿ / ﻿20.2°S 57.5°E﻿ / -20.2; 57.5 Between independence in 1968 and becoming a republic in 1992, Mauritius was an independent sovereign state that shared its head of state with the United Kingdom and other states headed by Elizabeth II.
David Berglas MBE (born 30 July 1926) is a British magician and mentalist of German-Jewish descent.
Yoshiyuki Morisaki (森崎 嘉之, Morisaki Yoshiyuki, born April 20, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.
Last Bus to Woodstock is a crime novel by Colin Dexter, the first of 13 novels in his Inspector Morse series.
Rilindja Demokratike (English: Democratic Rebirth and short RD) is an Albanian newspaper founded and continuously published in Tirana.
The Last Dragonlord is the first in a series of books written by Joanne Bertin.
Broken Blossom is the fourth studio album by American singer Bette Midler, her second album release in 1977 and her fifth on the Atlantic Records label.
Te Kiore Paremata Te Wahapiro (fl. 1822 & ndash;1845) was a New Zealand tribal leader.
Karmina is an American indie pop music duo of sister singer-songwriters Kelly Adams (Rudisill) (lead vocals, harmonies, keyboards) and Kamille Rudisill (lead vocals, harmonies, guitars).
Joseph Mruk (November 6, 1903 – January 21, 1995) was a businessman and Republican politician from Buffalo, New York.
Pratima Puhan (born 27 August 1991 in Cuttack, Odisha) is an Indian rower.
Jim Gérald (4 July 1889 & ndash; 2 July 1958) was a French actor. Gérald was born Gérald Ernest Cuénod in Paris.
Beheći (Serbian: Бехећи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Bahamas Association of Athletic Associations (BAAA) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in the Bahamas. Current president is Rosamunde Carey.
Katha Sangama () is a 1976 Indian anthology film in Kannada, directed by Puttanna Kanagal, based on three short stories; Hangu by Giraddi Govindaraj, Athithi by Veena and Munithaayi by Eshwara Chandra.
Salon is an American liberal news and opinion website, created by David Talbot in 1995.
Matt Schwartz (born 26 October 1971) is an Israeli-British record producer, songwriter, composer, arranger, programmer, sound engineer, mixing engineer and DJ.
Anney Anney (English: Brother Brother) is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Mouli for Kalaivani.
Coordinates: 42°54′44″N 71°04′22″W﻿ / ﻿42.91222°N 71.07278°W﻿ / 42.91222; -71.07278 Sanborn Regional High School is located in Kingston, New Hampshire and serves the towns of Kingston, Newton, and Fremont.
Romanowo Dolne [rɔmaˈnɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German: Romanshof Untergemeinde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Guy Big (26 February 1946 – 2 May 1978 at Toronto) was the stage name of Alan Herbert Hoffman, a Canadian actor.
My God-Given Right is the 15th studio album by German power metal band Helloween.
Iowa State University College of Engineering is one of eight colleges of Iowa State University of Science and Technology in Ames, Iowa.
Bernard Reynès (born October 18. 1953 in Meknes, Morocco ) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
Elyse Gasco (born 1967) is a Canadian fiction writer. Born in Montreal, Quebec, Gasco studied Creative Writing first at Concordia University where she received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1988, then at New York University to earn a Master of Arts degree.
Ayyallur is a village located in Mattanur Municipality in the Indian state of Kerala.
The Palatka Daily News is a local newspaper published in Palatka, Florida, United States.
WVOJ (1570 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station, licensed to Fernandina Beach, Florida, and serving the Jacksonville metropolitan area.
No.1 High School Affiliated to East China Normal University () moved to a new campus in August 2005. Each year, many graduates attend Tsinghua University, Peking University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, East China Normal University and other prestigious universities.
Break No Bones is the ninth novel by Kathy Reichs starring forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan.
"Obediah Donnell ""Obie"" Jessie (December 28, 1936 – April 27, 2020) was an American R&B, rock and roll and jazz singer and songwriter. He recorded as Young Jessie in the 1950s and 1960s, and was known for his solo career, work with The Flairs and a brief stint in The Coasters."
The Plabutsch Formation is a geologic formation in Austria.
Once I Will Return or Dalmatian Wedding (German: Einmal kehr' ich wieder) is a 1953 German-Yugoslav comedy film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Paul Dahlke, Helene Stanley, and Adelheid Seeck.
Rumble in the South EP is an EP by The Wedding and was released in 2005.
Planina pod Šumikom () is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.
Brad Scott (born September 30, 1954) is a former American football coach and player.
Pallatanga is a location in the Chimborazo Province, Ecuador.
Kotlovina is a 2011 Croatian drama film written and directed by Tomislav Radić.
We're on the Jury is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes and starring Victor Moore and Helen Broderick.
The Square is a grime crew from Lewisham, London. The group was founded by DeeJillz, Elf Kid, Lolingo and Novelist.
Temper is the feature film soundtrack composed by Anup Rubens for the 2015 Telugu film of the same name.
Jason Kristal (born on 1979) is an American weightlifter and professional strongman athlete who was placed first in 2008 America's Strongest Man.
Mount Vernon Senior High School is a public high school in Mount Vernon, Indiana and is part of the M.S.D.
The Rokenbok Toy Company was founded in 1995 by Paul Eichen in the United States to create an heirloom quality toy system.
REDIRECT Book of the Dead (album).
Trefin is a village in the Welsh-speaking area of North Pembrokeshire, south-west Wales.
Metropolitan Cagayan de Oro (Cebuano: Kaulohang Cagayan de Oro), also known as Metro Cagayan de Oro, is the fourth largest metropolitan area in the Philippines.
Jack Matthews (22 July 1925 & ndash; 28 November 2013) was an American novelist, short story writer, essayist, playwright and former professor.
What Women Suffer is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe.
Canada Census Mother Tongue - Saint-Jacques Parish, New Brunswick Responses.
KSOS is a non-commercial radio station located in Las Vegas, Nevada, broadcasting on 90.5 FM.
Wilhelm Trautschold (1815–1877) was a German portrait painter.
Ostaszewo-Włuski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
1GN, formerly known as 1 Girl Nation, was a contemporary Christian, power pop and pop rock band from Nashville, Tennessee, United States.
Sulejman Hoxha (born 13 February 1990 in Durrës) is an Albanian footballer who most recently played for Albanian First Division club Erzeni, as a Goalkeeper.
Ken Yamauchi (山内賢, Yamauchi Ken) was a Japanese actor.
Tall Zard () is a village in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 289, in 66 families.
The Manitoba School for the Deaf is a provincial school in Winnipeg, Manitoba with both residential and day programs serving deaf and hard-of-hearing students.
Michael Jibson (born 16 December 1980) is an Olivier award winning English actor, voice over artist, writer and director. He is married to actress Caroline Sheen.
All American Alien Boy is the second studio album by Ian Hunter.
Kirtland Central High School (KCHS) is located in the town of Kirtland, New Mexico (USA) its colors are Purple & Gold and their mascot is the Bronco.
LeftWord Books is a New Delhi-based publisher that seeks to reflect the views of the Left in India and South Asia.
While I Was Gone is a 1999 novel by Sue Miller, and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in May 2000.
Baisali Mohanty (born 5 August 1994) is an Indian classical dancer and choreographer, author, columnist and analyst of foreign and public policy.
The Portrait of Jacopo Strada is a 1567-68 portrait of the court librarian Jacopo Strada by Titian, now held in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
GlassPoint Solar is a private company founded in 2009 that designs and manufactures solar steam generators that use solar thermal technology to generate steam for industrial processes.
False Idols is the ninth studio album by English trip hop musician Tricky, released on 23 May 2013.
Evaristo Crespo Azorín (27 January 1863 in Ayora, Valencia Province, Spain & ndash; 6 March 1941 in the city of Valencia) was a Spanish lawyer, politician and professor.
Naseema Ehsan (Urdu: نسیمہ احسان‎) is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of Senate of Pakistan since March 2012.
INSEAD is a graduate business school with locations in Europe (France), Asia (Singapore), the Middle East (Abu Dhabi), and North America (San Francisco).
Niki and Flo (Romanian: Niki Ardelean, colonel în rezerva) is a 2003 Romanian drama film directed by Lucian Pintilie.
East Is East is a 1999 British comedy-drama film written by Ayub Khan-Din and directed by Damien O'Donnell.
'S Make It (slang for 'Let's go') is a recording by the hard bop Art Blakey jazz ensemble.
Sandip Sen (born 4 October 1966) is an Indian business executive.
As the Crow Flies is a novel by Jeffrey Archer.
The Party AUDIO STACK (The Party) is the 20th album by Japanese jazz fusion band Casiopea.
Suguru Hashimoto (橋本 卓, Hashimoto Suguru, born June 16, 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Azul Claro Numazu.
The Glory of Yolanda is a lost 1917 silent film romantic drama directed by Marguerite Bertsch and starring Anita Stewart.
John Allen (1823–1870) was an American saloon keeper and underworld figure in New York City during the early-to mid-19th century.
Dharavandhoo Airport is a domestic airport located on the island of Dharavandhoo, part of the Baa Atoll in Maldives.
Papageno Airport (), was an airstrip west of Calafquén Lake. Panguipulli, a city in the Los Ríos Region of Chile, is to the south.
Butter is the first studio album by Scottish electronic musician Hudson Mohawke.
Thanks-Giving Square is a private park and public facility anchoring the Thanksgiving Commercial Center district of downtown Dallas, Texas, United States.
Dwayne Collins (born April 13, 1988) is an American former college basketball player. A power forward, Collins played college basketball for the University of Miami before being selected with the final pick in the 2010 NBA draft by the Phoenix Suns.
Býšovec is a village and municipality (obec) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
"Metástasis (meaning ""metastasis"" in Spanish) is an American, Spanish-language version of the U.S. crime drama Breaking Bad."
Courtney Pigram (born November 14, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for Enosis Neon Paralimni of the Cyprus Basketball Division 1.
He had an instrumental role in the founding of Wycliffe Bible Translators UK; the West Africa Linguistics Society and the Forum of Bible Agencies International. John Bendor-Samuel was born in the British seaside town of Worthing on 9 June 1929, the son of Rev.
Krieg (German for 'War') is a black metal band originally from Somers Point, New Jersey in the United States of America.
The highest point at almost 4,100 metres (13,500 ft) is Mount Cameroon in the Southwest Region of the country, and the largest cities in population-terms are Douala on the Wouri river, its economic capital and main seaport, Yaoundé, its political capital, and Garoua.
Midhurst Rother College is a mixed Academy for students aged 11 to 19, in Midhurst, West Sussex, in southern England.
The Familiar of Zero (Japanese: ゼロの使い魔, Hepburn: Zero no Tsukaima) is a Japanese fantasy light novel series written by Noboru Yamaguchi, with illustrations by Eiji Usatsuka.
Honest Cowboy is the first extended play (EP) by American hip hop recording artist Stalley. It was released on September 17, 2013, under Maybach Music Group and Atlantic.
Zaleh Rash (, also Romanized as Z̧aleh Rash) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Angie Arnephy (born ), also known as Angie, is a Seychellois singer and an ex-beauty pageant contestant.
Sobroso Castle (Spanish: Castillo de Sobroso, Galician: Castelo de Sobroso) is a medieval castle in the village of Vilasobroso in Galicia, Spain.
Dos tipos con suerte is a 1960 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Miguel Morayta.
Rosalinda is a 2009 Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network.
"""The Heathen"" is a short story by the American writer Jack London."
Seneca Waterways Council (SWC) is a local council of the Boy Scouts of America that serves youth in Ontario, Wayne, Seneca, Yates, and Monroe Counties in Western New York.
Anna Sui (Chinese: 蕭志美; ) is an American fashion designer from Detroit.
The Heineken Kidnapping () is a 2011 Dutch crime film directed by Maarten Treurniet.
Rachel Treweek (née Montgomery; born 4 February 1963) is a British Anglican bishop, Lord Spiritual and former speech and language therapist.
Next Year in Zion is a 2008 studio album by Herman Düne.
The Games is a 1970 British sports drama film directed by Michael Winner.
The first Hamon de Massey was the owner of the manors of Agden, Baguley, Bowdon, Dunham, Hale and Little Bollington after the Norman conquest of England (1066), taking over from the Saxon thegn Aelfward according to Domesday Book.
Further Adventures of Jimmy and Wes is an album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery and organist Jimmy Smith.
John FitzPatrick (24 April 1915 – 28 July 1997) was an Australian politician.
Karen Baker Landers is a two-time Academy Award-winning sound editor.
Born Under Saturn is the second studio album by British art rock band Django Django.
CSK VVS Samara (Russian: ЦСК ВВС Самара; lit. Central Sports Club of the Air Force, Samara) are a professional ice hockey team based in Samara, Samara Oblast, Russia.
Irfan Khan (Pashto: عرفان خان), is a Pakistani Pashtun Pop singer .
Gołda Tencer (yid. גאָלדע טענצער, born 2 August 1949 in Łódź) is a Polish actress and singer.
Zero Charisma is a 2013 American comedy film written by Andrew Matthews and co-directed by Matthews and Katie Graham.
Panic in the House of Ardon (German: Der Schrecken im Hause Ardon) is a 1920 German silent crime film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Stella Harf, Max Kronert and Paul Mederow.
Empty Beaches is the third studio album by alternative rock band Cecimonster Vs. Donka from Lima, Peru.
Zoltán Puskás (born 2 April 1993 in Szentes) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Ceglédi VSE.
Copy of L. Piasecki medal and autograph in Sports Star Avenue in Dziwnów Lech Piasecki (born 13 November 1961) is a Polish former racing cyclist. Born in Poznań, he became the first Polish cyclist to wear the yellow jersey in the Tour de France, in 1987.
Erebos is the seventh studio album by Polish band Hate.
Lake Louise Airport is a state-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Lake Louise, in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.
North Turramurra is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
Handkerchief of Clouds: A Tragedy in Fifteen Acts (French: Mouchoir de Nuages) is a French-language Dadaist play by Romanian-born author Tristan Tzara.
Jonatan Binotto (born 22 January 1975) is an Italian former footballer who played as a midfielder. Binotto started his professional career in 1993 at Juventus F.C..
"""Something Worth Leaving Behind"" is a song written by Brett Beavers and Tom Douglas, and recorded by American country music artist Lee Ann Womack."
Argo is a 2012 American historical drama thriller film directed by Ben Affleck.
Absent Without Leave is a 1992 New Zealand drama film directed by John Laing and starring Craig McLachlan.
Camarillo Airport (ICAO: KCMA, FAA LID: CMA) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) west of the central business district of Camarillo, a city in Ventura County, California, United States.
Romeo and Juliet (Russian: Ромео и Джульетта, translit. Romeo i Dzhulyetta) is a 1955 Soviet ballet film directed by Lev Arnshtam.
Paul Hervieu (2 September 1857 – 25 October 1915) was a French novelist and playwright.
Marvin Crenshaw (born February 3, 1952) is a former American football offensive tackle who played college football at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and attended Woodward High School in Toledo, Ohio, where he was named All-City and All-City Academic in football and basketball.
Peace of Mind is the third studio album by Finnish glam rock singer Michael Monroe released in 1996.
Avatar Press is an independent American comic book publisher founded in 1996 by William A. Christensen, and based in Rantoul, Illinois.
Feblasheh (Persian: فبلشه‎) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 7 families.
Living Dead Girl is a low-budget short horror film directed by Jon Springer.
Penelope Fletcher (born 22 July 1988) is a British writer of paranormal romance and young-adult fantasy fiction.
The Evangelist (German: Der Evangelimann) is a 1924 German silent drama film directed by Holger-Madsen and starring Paul Hartmann, Hanni Weisse and Elisabeth Bergner.
Dobromerovići () is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Suski Młynek (Polish pronunciation: [ˈsuskʲi ˈmwɨnɛk]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Strövelstorp is a locality situated in Ängelholm Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 1,087 inhabitants in 2010.
Flaming Brothers is a 1987 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Joe Cheung and starring Chow Yun-fat, Alan Tang, Pat Ha and Jenny Tseng.
Drums Unlimited is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1965 and 1966 and released on the Atlantic label.
Def Jam Rapstar is a music video game, based on rapping, developed by Terminal Reality.
Mayday is the fourth studio album by Canadian alternative rock band King Cobb Steelie, released in 2000 on Outside Music.
Marie Slip (composition and arrangement) Paul Kristofferson (drums) Otto Dix is a Russian dark wave music trio.
Pudhiya Mugam (English: New Face) is a 1993 Indian Tamil-language thriller film directed by Suresh Chandra Menon.
My Geisha is a 1962 American comedy film directed by Jack Cardiff, starring Shirley MacLaine, Yves Montand, Edward G. Robinson and Bob Cummings and released by Paramount Pictures.
Alexander Petersson (born Aleksandrs Pētersons 2 July 1980) is an Icelandic handball player of Latvian and Baltic German origin, who currently plays for the Iceland national handball team and Rhein-Neckar Löwen.
N. A. Naseer is an Indian wildlife photographer, nature conservation activist and author, who is a member of the Bombay Natural History Society.
Juan Carlos Carrizo (born 3 June 1987 in San Miguel de Tucumán) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Juventud Antoniana.
Choices is a 1986 American made-for-television drama film starring George C. Scott, Jacqueline Bisset and Melissa Gilbert, directed by David Lowell Rich.
Lanna Commins (Thai: ลานนา คัมมินส์; born November 3, 1983 in Chiang Mai, Thailand) is a Thai of Australian descent singer.
Zizi Adel (also transliterated as Zizi and Zeze, Arabic: زيزي عادل‎  pronounced [ˈziːzi ˈʕæːdel]; born 26 October 1987, Kuwait) is an Egyptian singer.
The Chambermaid Lynn (German: Das Zimmermädchen Lynn) is a 2014 German comedy-drama film written and directed by Ingo Haeb, adapted from Markus Orths' novel.
Michel Thierry Atangana is a French citizen of Cameroonian origin who was imprisoned in Yaoundé, Cameroon from 1997 until 2014. International human rights organisations declared him a political prisoner, held for support of potential presidential candidate Titus Edzoa.
Enrique Moles Ormella (26 August 1883 – 30 March 1953) was a Spanish pharmacist, physicist, and chemist, most notable for his work on atomic weights of the elements.
Witold Bardach (July 26, 1925 – May 10, 2016), better known as Gene Gutowski, was a Polish-American film producer who produced many of Roman Polanski's films, including Repulsion (1965), Cul-de-Sac (1966), The Fearless Vampire Killers (1967), and The Pianist (2002).
Lakkoju Sanjeevaraya Sharma (Telugu: లక్కోజు సంజీవరాయ శర్మ) (27 November 1907 – 1998) was an Indian mathematician.
Imtiaz Ali (born 16 June 1971 in Patna, Bihar) is an Indian film director, producer and writer.
Dolní Vilémovice is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
René Fernández Apaza (January 9, 1924 – August 14, 2013) was a Bolivian Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. René Fernández Apaza was born in Padilla, Bolivia ordained a priest on November 28, 1948.
Poulithra () is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Leonidio, southeastern Arcadia, Greece.
Sian Heder /ˈʃɑːn ˈheɪdər/ (born June 23, 1977) is an American writer and filmmaker. Heder was born on June 23, 1977 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
"Thelma Carpenter (January 15, 1922 – May 14, 1997) was an American jazz singer and actress, best known as ""Miss One"", the Good Witch of the North in the movie The Wiz."
Živalji (Cyrillic: Живаљи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Plow Girl is a lost 1916 American drama silent film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by Edward Morris, Charles Sarver and Harvey F. Thew.
Gođevići () is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Yūichi Satō (佐藤祐市, Satō Yūichi, born August 18, 1962 in Tokyo) is a Japanese film director.
Ukrid is a village in Dulmi community development block, which is a part of Ramgarh district in Jharkhand state, India.
Teri Copley (born May 10, 1961) is an American actress and model.
"The Big Pink are an English electronic rock band from London, consisting of multi-instrumentalists Robertson "" Robbie "" Furze, Lady Mary Charteris, Nicole Emery and Bradford Lee Conroy."
The Railroad Canyon Beds Formation is a geologic formation in Idaho.
48 Shades (titled Australian Pie: Naked Love in the United States) is a 2006 Australian comedy film by debut director Daniel Lapaine, starring Richard Wilson, Emma Lung, Robin McLeavy, and Victoria Thaine.
Ustaritz (Basque: Uztaritze) is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Imprimatur is the title of an Italian historical novel, written by Rita Monaldi and Francesco Sorti.
"""The Next Time"" is an 1895 short story by Henry James."
The Wall Street Ren (Ren means professional in Chinese) is a non-profit and non-partisan group of Chinese Wall Street professionals.
1300 Oslo (active from 1979 in Oslo, Norway) was a Norwegian jazz band originally called Oslo 13 (1979–93), founded and operated the first two years by Bror Hagemann and continuated by Jon Balke.
Amy Alkon (born March 8, 1964), also known as the Advice Goddess, writes a weekly advice column, Ask the Advice Goddess, which is published in over 100 newspapers within North America.
Nikola Marinov Abadzhiev () was a Bulgarian painter and teacher.
Carmen Rigalt (Vinaixa, Lérida, 1949) is a Spanish journalist and novelist.
Podmilačje () is a village in the municipality of Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"""Creole Love Call"" is a jazz standard, most associated with the Duke Ellington band and Adelaide Hall."
Kumarkhand is a town in Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Christian Wahl is a public artwork by Italian artist Gaetano Trentanove located in Wahl Park, which is in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
Elvir Maloku është blerja e fundit e Juventusit aSport.al In the summer of 2013, Maloku moved to HNK Hajduk Split along with his younger brother Trojan.
Adriano Francisco (born April 12, 1988) is n Brazilian footballer who plays for Puerto Rico United in the USL Professional Division.
The 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships was held in Christchurch, New Zealand from January 21 to 30, 2011.
The Groovy Sound of Music is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1964 and released on the RCA label which features jazz interpretations of tunes from the Broadway musical The Sound of Music written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II.
Takashi Kurihara (born 21 October 1947) is a Japanese professional golfer.
The 2015 Asian Weightlifting Championships was held in Phuket, Thailand from September 3 - 12, 2015.
Villasbuenas is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.
The Goldfinch (Dutch: Het puttertje) is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age artist Carel Fabritius of a life-size chained goldfinch.
Abbeville High School is a public high school for grades 9-12 located in Abbeville, Louisiana and is operated by the Vermilion Parish School Board.
Machine Gun Molly (French: Monica la mitraille) is a Canadian crime drama film, directed by Pierre Houle and released in 2004.
AJJ is an American folk punk band from Phoenix, Arizona originally formed in 2004 as Andrew Jackson Jihad.
WDIC is a Country-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Clinchco, Virginia, serving Clinchco and Dickenson County, Virginia.
Campbell Francis Lane (July 15, 1935 – January 30, 2014) was a Canadian actor who primarily did his work in Vancouver. Campbell Lane died on 30 January 2014 from lung cancer, at the age of 78.
Nicole Couch is an American musician and songwriter, and founding member of the all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue.
Memphis is a musical duo consisting of longtime friends Torquil Campbell and Chris Dumont.
Carolina Kasting Arruda (born July 12, 1975) is a Brazilian actress.
The Green Knight is the 25th novel by the Irish writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch, first published in 1993.
Not Without My Sister is a 2007 best-selling book written by sisters, Juliana Buhring, Celeste Jones and Kristina Jones.
Gentlemen's Game is the sixth Korean studio album (eleven overall) by South Korean boy band 2PM.
Free Download Manager is a download manager for Windows and macOS.
Vanessa O'Connell is a journalist and co-author of Wheelmen: Lance Armstrong, the Tour de France, and the Greatest Sports Conspiracy Ever.
David Dunn (born June 10, 1972) is a former American football wide receiver and return specialist in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the fifth round of the 1995 NFL Draft.
Aniñón is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 837 inhabitants.
The Gadfly () is a 1980 Soviet drama film directed by Nikolai Mashchenko based on the novel The Gadfly by Ethel Lilian Voynich.
Thomas Anthony Sydes (May 4, 1941 – June 20, 2015) was an American child actor on film and television.
India census, Halekota had a population of 5514 with 2800 males and 2714 females.
The Braunschweiger Zeitung is a daily regional newspaper serving Braunschweig, Germany and surrounding towns and villages in Brunswick Land.
Luigi Amedeo Melegari, 1862 Luigi Amedeo Melegari (February 19, 1805 in Castelnovo di Sotto – May 22, 1881) was an Italian politician and diplomat.
Anaamika is a 2014 Indian bilingual thriller film directed by Sekhar Kammula, http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/tamil/movies/news-interviews/New-title-for-Nayantharas-next-film/articleshow/30113164.cms starring Nayanthara in the lead role.
Mikhail Oseevsky born in Leningrad to Eduard Oseevskiy in November 1960.
How Angel Peterson Got His Name is a nonfiction, young adult memoir written by Gary Paulsen, outlining the hilarious, and often dangerous stunts Paulsen and his friends pull in order to entertain themselves and impress the young ladies.
Podskwarne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Joyce Blair (born Joyce Ogus; 4 November 1932 – 19 August 2006) was an English actress and dancer.
The Dying Land (French: La terre qui meurt) is a 1936 French colour drama film directed by Jean Vallée and starring Pierre Larquey, Simone Bourday and Line Noro.
The Portrait of a Lady is a novel by Henry James, first published as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly and Macmillan's Magazine in 1880–81 and then as a book in 1881.
Violinist Gerard Jirayr Svazlian was born in Alexandria, Egypt to Armenian parents.
Kannaadikkadavathu is a 2000 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sooryan Kunissery.
Music Wonderland is a compilation album by Mike Oldfield released in 1981 on Virgin Records.
Motocade are a New Zealand Rock band formed in Auckland in 2003 by Eden Mulholland (singer/guitarist), Scott Sutherland (bass), Geordie McCallum (guitar/keyboards) and Will Mulholland (drums).
Marigny-l'Église is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France. At the 1999 census, the population was 301.
One Hour of Happiness (German: Eine Stunde Glück) is a 1931 German drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Dieterle, Evelyn Holt, and Harald Paulsen.
Jiao Lung Waterfall (Chinese: 蛟龍瀑布; pinyin: Jiāolóng Pùbù; Wade–Giles: Chiao1-lung2 P'u4-pu4; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kau-liông pho̍k-pò͘) is the tallest measured waterfall in Taiwan, with a sheer plunge of 600 metres (2,000 ft).
Macho like Me is a documentary film directed and performed by Helie Lee.
Kiełpiniec [kʲɛu̯ˈpiɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Schiffer and Vaughn have three children: son Caspar Matthew (born 30 January 2003) and daughters Clementine Poppy (born 11 November 2004) and Cosima Violet (born 14 May 2010).
Charles Van Damme (born May 1946) is a Belgian cinematographer and film director.
Irangani Manel Abeysekera is a Sri Lankan diplomat.
Almost Che (also known as Iron Dae-oh: The Nation's Iron Bag!, ) is a 2012 South Korean comedy film directed and written by Yook Sang-hyo.
Marizel Sarangelo Placido (born November 9, 1979), known professionally by the stage name as Tuesday Vargas, is a Filipina singer, actress, comedian and a resident judge of TV5's Talentadong Pinoy.
Algodu is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Francisco Rodríguez García (born 8 March 1934), nicknamed Rodri, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender. Rodri was born in Barcelona, Catalonia.
WOW is the debut solo studio album by American singer Wendy O. Williams, released in 1984 by Passport Records.
Ersboda is a residential area in Umeå, Sweden.
She had been using the pen name Gabriela Mistral since June 1908 for much of her writing.
The Essential Elvis Presley is a greatest hits collection by American rock and roll icon Elvis Presley.
Dust to Dust is a studio album by former 3rd Bass members Prime Minister Pete Nice and Daddy Rich.
28 May 1988 in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan), better known by her stage name Meisa Kuroki (Japanese: 黒木 メイサ, Kuroki Meisa), is a Okinawan actress, model and singer.
High School is a three-part BBC reality TV series that centers on a year in the life at Holyrood Secondary School in Glasgow, Scotland.
Kevin James LaBrie (born May 5, 1963) is a Canadian vocalist and songwriter, who is best known as the singer of the American progressive metal band Dream Theater, which he has fronted since 1991.
Darren McGinnis (born in Sussex, New Brunswick) is a Canadian country music singer.
Passion Portrait (Korean: 젊은날의 초상; Hanja: Jeolmeun nalui chosang; lit. Portrait of the Days of Youth) is a 1991 South Korean film directed by Kwak Ji-kyoon.
Coenraad van Beuningen (1622 – Amsterdam, 26 October 1693) was the Dutch Republic's most experienced diplomat, burgomaster of Amsterdam in 1669, 1672, 1680, 1681, 1683 and 1684, and from 1681 a Dutch East India Company director.
Onyebuchi Chukwu (born 22 April 1962) is a Nigerian politician.
The MT Stolt Valor is a Hong Kong-flagged ship that was hijacked while in the Designated Safety Corridor within the Gulf of Aden, approximately 38 nautical miles (70 km) away from the coast of Yemen, while heading from the United States south through the Gulf towards Asia.
Pacorus I (also spelled Pakoros I; Parthian: 𐭐𐭊𐭅𐭓; died 38 BC) was a Parthian prince, who was the son of King Orodes II.
The Cruel Embrace () is a 1987 Belgian drama film directed by Marion Hänsel.
Sebastián Hernández Mejía (born 2 October 1986 in Medellín) is a Colombian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Once Caldas.
The Broken Skull Formation is a geologic formation in Quebec.
Shiribetsu River (尻別川, Shiribetsu-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō, Japan.
Song of Paris (known in the U.S. as Bachelor in Paris) is a 1952 British comedy film directed by John Guillermin and starring Dennis Price, Anne Vernon and Hermione Baddeley.
Matador is a 1986 black comedy-drama thriller film by Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar about a student matador, Ángel Jiménez (Antonio Banderas), who confesses to murders he did not commit.
Jason Roy-Léveillée Jason Roy-Léveillée Bio (born October 1, 1983 in Saint-Quentin, New-Brunswick) is a Canadian actor.
Southfield Technology College was a secondary school located in Salterbeck, Workington.
The first Logitech mice were made in Le Lieu, in the Swiss Canton of Vaud by Dubois Depraz SA.
The headteacher is Liz Cook. Easthampstead Park School Leadership – http://www.epschool.org/leadership The school uses an initiative called Consistency Management and Co-operative Discipline (CMCD).
Park Sang-hyun (Korean: 박상현; born October 7, 1990), known by his stage name Thunder (Korean: 천둥; RR: Cheondung), is a South Korean singer, songwriter, actor and model.
Tari-Pori District is a district of the Hela Province of Papua New Guinea.
Anchu Sundarikal is a 1968 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M.
Davey Holmes (born October 4, 1969 in Massachusetts) is an American screenwriter, producer and playwright.
Akshay Kumar Maitreya (Bengali: অক্ষয় কুমার মৈত্রেয়) (1 March 1861–10 February 1930) was a noted Indian historian and social worker from Bengal.
Echos is the eighth studio album by Switzerland-based Gothic rock band Lacrimosa.
Bauer is a band founded in 1999 by former Bettie Serveert drummer Berend Dubbe and based in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Czaple Górne [ˈt͡ʂaplɛ ˈɡurnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Siemens-Halske Sh 14 was a seven-cylinder air-cooled radial engine for aircraft produced in Germany in the 1920s and 1930s.
Looking for Nicolas Sarkozy is a 2011 French documentary film directed by William Karel.
Main Street on the March! is a 1941 American short historical film directed by Edward Cahn.
Wiggle Your Ears is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F.
Since 1993, Charles has worked on the creation of Poundbury, an experimental new town based on his preferences.
Al Masilah District is a district of the Al Mahrah Governorate, Yemen.
Raymond Duchamp-Villon (5 November 1876 – 9 October 1918) was a French sculptor. Duchamp-Villon was born Pierre-Maurice-Raymond Duchamp in Damville, Eure, in the Haute-Normandie region of France, the second son of Eugene and Lucie Duchamp.
Jon Heacock (born October 11, 1960) is an American football coach and former player.
"Lodovica Comello (born 13 April 1990) is an Italian actress, singer, dancer and TV host who gained international popularity for her role as "" Francesca "" in the Argentine Disney Channel series, Violetta."
Introducing Roland Kirk is the second album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk.
Richard P. Havens, 1983 is a 1968 double album set by folk rock musician Richie Havens featuring a combination of studio recordings and live material recorded in concert during July 1968.
Kings High School is a public high school in the unincorporated village of Kings Mills, Ohio in Deerfield Township, Warren County.
Familywala is a 2014 delayed Bollywood romance comedy film released directly on satellite. It is directed by Neeraj Vora and stars Arjun Rampal and Dia Mirza in lead roles.
Magnificent Roughnecks is a 1956 American comedy film directed by Sherman A. Rose and written by Stephen Kandel.
New Shah Faiz Public School was established in the small town of Dildarnagar in 2006 by Md Naushad Khan.
Gadibidi Ganda is a Kannada film released in 1993, directed by V.
Janine Marie Elizabeth Olson Gutierrez, known professionally as Janine Gutierrez (born October 2, 1989) is a Filipina actress, television host and commercial model.
Iginniarfik is a village in the municipality of Qeqertalik, in western Greenland. Its population was 88 in 2010.
Passani () is located 33°76'4N 71°59'1E at south of Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
Pierre Ryckmans (28 September 1935 – 11 August 2014), better known by his pen name Simon Leys, was a Belgian-Australian writer, essayist and literary critic, translator, art historian, sinologist, and university professor.
Villains by Necessity is a fantasy novel written by Eve Forward, daughter of Robert L. Forward.
Men Against the Sea is the second installment in the trilogy by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall about the mutiny aboard HMS Bounty.
""" A Dog's Tale "" is a short story written by Mark Twain."
Javier Crespo is a Spanish SB9 classified swimmer who has represented Spain at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Harold Peiris (1904–1988) was a Sri Lankan lawyer, author, scholar, teacher, patron of the arts, and philanthropist.
Tripti Mitra (née Tripti Bahaduri; 25 October 1925 – 24 May 1989) was a popular Indian actress of Bengali theatre and films, and wife of Sombhu Mitra, noted theatre director, with whom she co-founded pioneering theatre group Bohurupee in 1948.
Who See (also referred to as Who See? Its members are Dedduh or Deda (Dejan Dedović), from Kotor, and Noyz (Mario Đorđević), from Herceg Novi.
Danny Heister (born 18 November 1971 in Zevenaar, Gelderland) is a Dutch professional table tennis player.
Pontianak Menjerit, directed by Yusof Kelana in 2005, is a comedy horror flick about siblings' quarrel over a will worth million dollars to be inherited by their belated father.
Fear and Whiskey is the fourth studio album by English rock band The Mekons.
Pudd'nhead Wilson is a lost 1916 American comedy silent film directed by Frank Reicher and written by Margaret Turnbull.
Fearful Symmetry: A Study of William Blake is a 1947 book by Canadian literary critic Northrop Frye whose subject is the work of English poet and visual artist William Blake.
is a Japanese actress, TV Personality and was also a former AV idol who was very popular in the early 2000s. Nao Oikawa was born in Hiroshima.
Hard is the fourth studio album by the English post-punk group Gang of Four.
Alpena Community College (ACC) is a public two-year college located in Alpena, Michigan, United States.
Alimsultan Alkhamatov (c. 1965 – 27 September 2009) was a Russian politician and official from Dagestan.
Vincent Castiglia (born April 8, 1982 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American painter.
Air Tindi is an airline based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada.
Soundarcade is a Latvian progressive rock, post-metal band.
WNGM (1340 AM) was a talk/adult standards radio station licensed to Mountain City, Georgia, United States.
Kamiar Ghanbari (Persian: کامیار قنبری‎; born 1988 in Tehran) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Persepolis F.C.
William Manger is an American sound editor.
3 x 4 Eye is an album by jazz saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell and the Sound Ensemble recorded in 1981 for the Italian Black Saint label.
Jan Gunnar Røise (born 24 September 1975) is a Norwegian actor.
An Affenpinscher generally weighs 6.5 to 13.2 pounds (2.9 to 6.0 kg) and stands 9 to 12 inches (23 to 30 cm) tall at the withers.
John Stock (July 5, 1918 & ndash; June 29, 1972) is a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States.
Tereza Brodská (born 7 May 1968) is a Czech actress.
Mandza is a village on the island of Grande Comore (Ngazidja) in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census, the village had a population of 1205.
Fowlers Bay Conservation Park (previously known as the Fowlers Bay Conservation Reserve) is a protected area located in the west of South Australia on the coastline of the Great Australian Bight in the gazetted locality of Fowlers Bay.
Lovers of Toledo (French: Les amants de Tolède) is a 1953 historical film directed by Henri Decoin and Fernando Palacios and starring Alida Valli, Pedro Armendáriz and Françoise Arnoul.
Sire Ma (; born 31 July 1987), or Ma Choi, is a Chinese actress based in Hong Kong.
Dilshod Aripov (; born May 20, 1977 in Tashkent) is an amateur Uzbekistani Greco-Roman wrestler, who played for the men's lightweight category.
Maricarmen Marín Salinas is a Peruvian actress, cumbia singer and dancer, and TV host.
Sugimoto began her career as a model and television personality. In 1973, Sugimoto won one of the Newcomer of the Year Awards at the Élan d'or Award s given by the All Nippon Producers Association (ANPA).
Metade Fumaca (Chinese: 半支煙; literally: Half cigarette) is a 1999 Hong Kong drama film directed by Riley Yip and starring Eric Tsang and Nicholas Tse.
Katja Požun (born 7 April 1993) is a Slovenian former ski jumper who competed from 2004 to 2018.
E=MC² is the eleventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
S.W.A.T. is a 2003 American action crime thriller film directed by Clark Johnson and produced by Neal H. Moritz.
The Lost Steps () is a 2001 Argentine and Spanish drama film directed by Manane Rodríguez and written by Rodríguez and Xavier Bermúdez.
Jeff Pulver is an American Internet entrepreneur known for his work as founder and chief executive of pulver.com and co-founder of Free World Dialup, Vonage, VON Coalition, MoNage, Blockchain Token Association and Zula (app).
Kamar Surakh (, also Romanized as Kamar Sūrākh) is a village in Mansuri Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Laviolette is a provincial electoral district in the Mauricie region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec.
The Moon Is... the Sun's Dream is the 1992 debut feature by South Korean film director Park Chan-wook.
Valentine Penrose ( Boué; 1 January 1898 – 7 August 1978), was a French surrealist poet, author, and collagist.
Claude-Aimé Desprez-Saint-Clair (5 April 1783 – 26 April 1824) was a French vaudeville playwright and chansonnier.
Mala Dobrava (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.
Karlholmsbruk is a locality situated in Tierp Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden with 1,150 inhabitants in 2010.
Rosehill Secondary College is located in Niddrie, Victoria, Australia.
Live Blood is the third live album by the English rock musician Peter Gabriel.
They Fought for Their Country () is a 1975 Soviet war film based on the eponymous novel written by Mikhail Sholokhov and directed by Sergei Bondarchuk.
In Memory of Quorthon is a box set of three audio CDs and one DVD with remastered material from Bathory, Quorthon's solo efforts, and the Jennie Tebler project.
Ramon Ledon-González (born February 23, 1965 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban professional boxer in the Welterweight division http://boxrec.com/media/index.php/Ramon_Ledon and was one of the best amateur boxers of his era.
Mari Cruz Díaz (Spanish: María Cruz Díaz García; born October 24, 1969 in Barcelona, Spain) is a retired female race walker from Spain, who won the gold medal over 10 km at the 1986 European Championships in Stuttgart.
Tangaye, Gnagna is a town in the Piéla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso.
Ángeles González-Sinde Reig (born 7 April 1965) is a Spanish scriptwriter, film director and politician. She was Culture Minister of Spain from April 2009 until December 2011.
"Knight Crusader, ""the story of Philip d'Aubigny"", is a children's historical novel by Ronald Welch (Ronald Oliver Fenton), first published by Oxford in 1954 with illustrations by William Stobbs."
The Higher Institute for Applied Sciences and Technology (HIAST) (Arabic: المعهد العالي للعلوم التطبيقية والتكنولوجيا‎) is an engineering and technology institute in Damascus, Syria.
Danb-e Sar () is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 21 families.
As Cruel as School Children is the third studio album by Gym Class Heroes.
Brett McDermott is an English mixed martial artist, and former professional rugby league footballer.
Guemps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Déclic et des claques is a 1965 Italian and French film directed by Philippe Clair.
Big Lake High School is a four-year public high school located in Big Lake, Minnesota. The school's principal is Robert Dockendorf and the assistant principal is Angela Charboneau-Folch.
Tenderness is a 1997 novel written by Robert Cormier.
Angelique Sabrina (born February 7, 1998) is a Bahamian singer, songwriter, dancer, actress and performer.
Truculentus is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
Martinaire Aviation, L.L.C. is an American cargo airline based on the grounds of Addison Airport in Addison, Texas, USA, near Dallas.
Minions of the Moon is a science fiction novel by American writer William Gray Beyer, originally serialized in the magazine Argosy in 1939.
So Long Gulliver (Italian: Ciao Gulliver) is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Tuzii and starring Lucia Bosé, Antonello Campodifiori and Sydne Rome.
Camp 14: Total Control Zone is a 2012 German/South Korean documentary film directed by German filmmaker Marc Wiese.
We Can't All Be Angels is the third studio album released by American country music artist David Lee Murphy.
"Colonel Sun is a novel by Kingsley Amis published by Jonathan Cape on 28 March 1968 under the pseudonym ""Robert Markham""."
Anil Johnson (Malayalam: അനില്‍ ജോണ്‍സണ്‍) is an Indian film composer and record producer who works in Malayalam cinema.
Gametraders is an Australian retailer of computer and video games, accessories, anime DVDs and toys. The company was founded in 2001 by Mark Langford, and they have 10 stores across Australia, after a large amount of store closures (at one stage around 46 stores).
Jostein Nyhamar (23 September 1922 – 30 July 1993) was a Norwegian magazine editor, biographer and politician for the Labour Party. Jostein Nyhamar was born in Nedre Eiker.
The Cameron School of Business http://csb.uncw.edu/ is the business school of the University of North Carolina at Wilmington in Wilmington, North Carolina, United States.
Rizvan Rahman (born 1970) is a Pakistani-born British Painter.
The Bastardz are a Croatian jazz, funk duo, consisting of vocalist Helena Bastić, and guitarist Zoran Jaeger-Jex.
""" Shir La'Ahava "" (Hebrew שיר לאהבה) also known as "" Yachad "" (Hebrew יחד) is a song by Israeli band Gaya."
"""It Goes Like This"" is a song recorded by American country music singer Thomas Rhett. It was released in May 2013 as the third single from his debut album, It Goes Like This."
Rock Ignition is a hard rock band from Germany founded in 2006 by professional dancer and ex-Kamelot background vocalist Heather Shockley and Silent Force/Sons of Seasons/Headstone Epitaph bassist Jürgen Steinmetz.
A Fading Summer is an EP by The Clientele.
Lineups of his bands in the 1920s, such as Everett and his Syncopated Robins, included Eddie Vincent, Benney Fields, Jimmy Dudley, William Hoy, and Henry Johnson, while Everett Robbins' Jazz Screamers included Bob Shoffner.
Street Dogs of South Central is an 85-minute documentary film directed by Bill Marin and distributed by Lions Gate in association with Animal Planet.
Dr. Mario 64[a] (stylized as D℞. Mario 64) is a Mario tile-matching action puzzle video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64.
Zhen Wenhua (simplified Chinese: 甄文华; traditional Chinese: 甄文華; pinyin: Zhēn Wénhuá; born March 8, 1967) is a former female shot put athlete from China.
Duffy's Tavern is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Hal Walker and written by Melvin Frank and Norman Panama.
Before the World is an album by jazz pianist Matthew Shipp which was recorded live in 1995 and released on the FMP label.
Showdown! is a blues album by Albert Collins, Robert Cray and Johnny Copeland, released in 1985 through Alligator Records. The album won the Best Traditional Blues Recording Grammy Award in 1986.
Classics is a compilation album by classical crossover soprano Sarah Brightman.
This is about the historical college in Clarksville, Texas, USA. For the college in Nova Scotia, Canada, see McKenzie College (Nova Scotia).
Yuletracks is a studio album released in 1986.
Terre Haute North Vigo High School, also known as Terre Haute North (THN), is a public high school located in Terre Haute, Indiana.
Brecha is a 2009 Spanish drama film written and directed by Iván Noel and starring Francisco Alfonsin.
Jenipher Kacha Namuyangu, also Jennifer Namuyangu Byakatonda, but commonly referred to as Jennifer Namuyangu, is a Ugandan politician and environmentalist.
Raghavendra Rajkumar is an Indian film producer and former actor in Kannada cinema.
The Bakerton Group is an instrumental blues jam band and the side project of the blues rock outfit Clutch. They incorporate elements of blues-rock, psychedelic rock, and jazz.
Dreams of the Black Earth is the second studio album from the dark metal group Throes of Dawn and their second release with their label Woodcut Records.
Fados is a 2007 Portuguese film directed by Carlos Saura.
I Gusti Ketut Pudja (19 May 1908 – 4 May 1977) was an Indonesian Politician, and also first governor of Lesser Sunda.
2Bobule () is a 2009 Czech comedy film directed by Vlad Lanné.
The Champions () is a 1983 Hong Kong action sports comedy film written and directed by Brandy Yuen and starring Yuen Biao.
James Walker FRSE FRS FRSA (14 September 1781 – 8 October 1862) was an influential Scottish civil engineer.
The Youth Initiative High School is a private high school located in Viroqua, Wisconsin.
Anders Thomas Jensen (born 6 April 1972) is a Danish screenwriter and film director.
Pierre Assouline (born 17 April 1953) is a French writer and journalist. He was born in Casablanca, Morocco to a Jewish family.
Into the Plateau is the third studio album by Spanish alternative dance band Delorean, released in July 2006 by BCore.
Kelly Burke (born December 31, 1944) is an American model who was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its June 1966 issue.
The Wooden Bridge (in Persian: پل چوبی) is a 2012 Iranian film directed by Mehdi Karampour.
Beowulf's Children is a science fiction novel by American writers Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes, first published in 1995.
""" Out of Sight and on My Mind "" is a song written by Bruce Burch and Rick Peoples, and recorded by American country music artist Billy Joe Royal."
Arthur Roche (born 6 March 1950) is an English prelate of the Catholic Church who has been an archbishop and the Secretary of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments since 2012.
Ahmad Jassim Mohammed (born 4 May 1960) is an Iraqi football goalkeeper who played for Iraq in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Parassala is a southern suburb of Trivandrum city Kerala, India, at the southern end of Kerala, bordering Tamil Nadu.
Burgruine Hieburg is a castle in the state of Salzburg, Austria.
REDIRECT New York (1983 typeface).
The Cleveland National Air Show is an annual air show held on Labor Day weekend at Burke Lakefront Airport in Cleveland, Ohio.
Kaniv Raion is a raion (district) of Cherkasy Oblast, central Ukraine.
Nikola & Fattiglapparna is Nikola Sarcević's third solo album.
Divisions Solusi University is a coeducational private university in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe.
Harold O'Neal was born in Arusha, Tanzania, and raised in Kansas City, Missouri. His great-grandfather, Ollie Harold Pennington, was a jazz pianist and composer for silent film in Kansas City, where his grandmother walked to school with Charlie Parker.
Stefan Jarosch (born 17 February 1984 in Böblingen) is a former professional German footballer. Jarosch, a former German U-20 international, made five appearances for SV Wacker Burghausen in the 2.
Mohamed Farouk (; born 14 September 1989 in Cairo) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Pyramids in the Egyptian Premier League.
Charles Adams Claverie (August 28, 1949 – October 7, 2005), known by stage names Charlie Hamburger, Charlie Kennedy and Charles Rocket, was an American actor, comedian, musician, and television news reporter.
Isacova is a village in Orhei District, Moldova.
Circle of Lovers () is a 1927 German silent film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and Rudolf Dworsky and starring Hans Mierendorff, Marcella Albani and Charlotte Ander.
Flaming Hearts () is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Walter Bockmayer and Rolf Bührmann.
Twitter Power: How to Dominate Your Market One Tweet at a Time is a book about Twitter by Joel Comm published in 2009.
Ministry of Construction Industry, Housing and Utilities Sector () or Minstroy is a government ministry in the Cabinet of Russia.
Orsolya Herr (born 23 November 1984) is a former Hungarian handball goalkeeper.
Friedrich Klose (born November 29, 1862, in Karlsruhe, Germany – died December 24, 1942 in Ruvigliana, Switzerland) was a German composer.
The Wolves of Kromer is a 1998 gay-themed, allegorical fantasy film directed by Will Gould and based on a play of the same name by Charles Lambert.
Zabruzdy-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Toho Junior College of Music (東邦音楽短期大学, Tōhō Ongaku Tanki Daigaku) is a private junior college in Bunkyo, Tokyo, Japan.
"Dharti (""Earth"") is a 1970 Bollywood action film directed by C. The film stars Rajendra Kumar and Waheeda Rehman."
Teresów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
The Coast Is Clear is the debut album by Canadian indie rock band In-Flight Safety, released on January 24, 2006 on Dead Daisy Records and distributed by Outside Music.
Life as We Know It is the tenth studio album by American country music band Lonestar.
Infini is a 2015 Australian science fiction film directed by Shane Abbess and starring Daniel MacPherson, Grace Huang, and Luke Hemsworth.
Palmyra Airport () is an airport serving Tadmur (ancient Palmyra), a city in Syria.
Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now, published in 1993, is African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou's first book of essays.
Tolombeh-ye Shahid Musa Efrasiyabi (Persian: تلمبه شهيدموسي افراسيابي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Shahīd Mūsá Efrāsīyābī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Way of All Men is a 1930 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Dorothy Revier and Noah Beery.
Mark Stewart (born 1960) is an English musician and founding member of The Pop Group.
Tobruk Air Transport and Cargo, commonly known as Tobruk Air, was a cargo airline based in Libya.
Fifteen to One is a British general knowledge quiz show broadcast on Channel 4.
Korzeń Rządowy () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Lionel Newman (January 4, 1916 – February 3, 1989) was an American conductor, pianist, and film and television composer.
Jeaniene Frost (born 1974) is an American fantasy author, known for her work on the New York Times and USA Today bestselling Night Huntress series and the Night Huntress World novels.
Michael Kahn is an American theatre director and drama educator. He has, since 1986, been the Artistic Director of the Shakespeare Theatre Company in Washington, D.C..
Nicklas Dannevang (born 11 September 1990) is a Danish footballer who plays for Danish 1st Division club Fremad Amager. Dannevang joined Nordvest FC on a one-year contract in the summer 2010.
Hello Europe is third album by West London Post punk and Indie band The Times released in 1984.
Lucy May Stanton (May 22, 1875 – March 19, 1931) was an American painter.
Beatrice Richter (German: [ˈbə.a.tʁiːs ˈʁɪç.tɐ] (listen); born 20 December 1948 in Munich) is a German TV actress, comedian, cabaret artist and jazz singer.
Christos Chomenidis () (born 3 August 1966, Athens, Greece) is a Greek novelist.
Ernest Martin (born February 23, 1932) is an American theatre director, theatre manager and actor, who lives in Düsseldorf, Germany, where he wanted to develop new forms of theatre.
The Queen Mary Falls is a plunge waterfall on the Spring Creek that is located in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.
Houston Academy is a non-profit independent college preparatory school in Dothan, Alabama.
Blood Alliance is the fifth studio album of the British power metal band Power Quest, with recording between September/October 2010 at Foel Studios, Wales with producer Chris Fielding and released worldwide by April 2011.
Gnana Paravai (English: Bird of Wisdom) is a 1991 Tamil language film, directed by Vietnam Veedu Sundaram. The film features Sivaji Ganesan, Harish Kumar, Sasikala and Manorama in lead roles.
Aerial view of Oki Airport is an airport on Dōgo, one of the Oki Islands in the Shimane Prefecture of Japan.
"KYYK (98.3 FM, "" Kick 98.3 "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Palestine, Texas, United States, the station serves the Tyler-Jacksonville area."
In software development, CruiseControl.rb is a Ruby-based framework for a continuous build process. It allows one to perform a continuous integration of a codebase in any language and on any platform.
Duped Till Doomsday () is a 1957 East German drama film directed by Kurt Jung-Alsen.
Born in Oneonta, New York, Sherman Fairchild was the only child of George Winthrop Fairchild (1854–1924) and Josephine Mills Sherman (1859–1924).
Dinesh Krishnan is an Indian cinematographer who works in Tamil cinema.
IX is the ninth studio album by Austin, Texas alternative rock outfit ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, released October 20, 2014, on Superball Music.
Gubbo is a locality situated in Smedjebacken Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden, with 215 inhabitants in 2010.
Intel C++ Compiler, also known as icc or icl, is a group of C and C++ compilers from Intel available for Windows, Mac, Linux, FreeBSD and Intel-based Android devices.
Mama Said Knock You Out is the fourth studio album by American rapper LL Cool J.
"Nemesis Divina (Latin for ""divine nemesis"") is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon."
Princess Rym Ali at Graduation Ceremony of Eighth Intake of JMI Master's Students The Jordan Media Institute (JMI) Is a non-profit educational entity in Amman, Jordan focusing on journalism.
Monica Samille Lewinsky (born July 23, 1973) is an American activist, television personality, fashion designer, and former White House intern.
Chikkun Takkun (チックンタックン) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shotaro Ishinomori.
Wayne Kemp (June 11, 1940 – March 9, 2015) was an American country music singer.
Billesdon is a village and civil parish in the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England, with a population of 745 according to the 2001 census, increasing to 901 at the 2011 census.
Joker is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language drama satire film written and directed by A.
Spławce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Chronology is the tenth studio album by Bryn Haworth.
Jaypee Brothers is a medical publisher based in New Delhi, India.
"The Damned (Italian title: La caduta degli dei, lit. ""The Fall of the Gods"") is a 1969 Italian-German historical drama film written and directed by Luchino Visconti."
Sir Girija Shankar Bajpai (3 April 1891 – 5 December 1954) was an eminent Indian civil servant, diplomat and Governor.
Allison Pataki (born in 1984) is an American author and journalist.
Annely Juda CBE (born Anneliese Emily Brauer; September 23, 1914 – August 13, 2006) was a German art dealer known for founding the Annely Juda Fine Arts gallery in London.
Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation album released by UK duo Lighthouse Family on 18 November 2002 on Wildcard / Polydor.
Atlas of the Prehistoric World is a book written by Douglas Palmer.
Sona Shahgeldyan (, born on November 18, 1986), is an Armenian singer and actress.
The Annie Lennox Collection is the first greatest hits album by Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox.
Bin Roye (English: Without Crying) is a 2015 Pakistani romantic drama film directed by Momina Duraid and Shahzad Kashmiri.
Alison Mowbray (born 1 February 1971) is a British former rower who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics competing in the women's quadruple scull.
Giednia [ˈɡʲɛdɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
BandFuse: Rock Legends is a music video game produced by American studio Realta Entertainment Group.
Welcome Ncita (born 25 October 1965) is a retired professional boxer and former IBF Super Bantamweight Champion. Ncita was born in Mdantsane, South Africa.
All Fall Down is the third studio album by English post-punk band The Sound, recorded from March to August 1982 and released in November 1982 on record label WEA.
The Red and White is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin.
Brett Wilkie is an Australian international lawn bowler.
Cho Jung-rae (born October 15, 1973) is a South Korean film director.
Polny Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Heart of Darkness (1899) is a novella by Polish-English novelist Joseph Conrad about a narrated voyage up the Congo River into the Congo Free State in the Heart of Africa.
"Trancers 5: Sudden Deth is a 1994 American sci-fi fantasy adventure film written by Peter David, directed by David Nutter, and starring Tim Thomerson as the time-traveling ""trancer hunter"" Jack Deth."
Betageri is a village in Belgaum district in the north west part of Karnataka state, India.
Rewind That is a studio album by American jazz trumpeter Christian Scott on Concord Records released on March 28, 2006.
KKMV (106.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country format. Licensed to Rupert, Idaho, United States, the station serves the Twin Falls (Sun Valley) area.
Alice Winocour (born 13 January 1976) is a French screenwriter and director.
Pankaj Mishra (born 1969) is an Indian essayist and novelist. Mishra was born in Jhansi.
Doritos (/dəˈriːtoʊz/) is an American brand of flavored tortilla chips produced since 1964 by Frito-Lay, a wholly owned subsidiary of PepsiCo.
Breakout is a compilation album by English pop group Swing Out Sister in 2001.
Aleta Freel (June 14, 1907 – December 7, 1935) was an American stage actress. Freel was born Aleta Freile in Jersey City, New Jersey, the daughter of a physician, Dr. William Freile and his wife, the former Minnie Uchtman.
Jorge David López Fernández (born 23 April 1956 in Turón, Asturias), known simply as David, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Emilio Osorio Marcos is a Mexican actor and singer, son of Mexican producer Juan Osorio and Cuban-Mexican actress Niurka Marcos.
Maira Kalman (Hebrew: מאירה קלמן‎; born 1949) is an Israeli-born American illustrator, writer, artist, and designer.
Jurmana is a 1996 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rambha, Ashwini Bhave, Kiran Kumar, Shakti Kapoor, Raza Murad and Ronit Roy .
Linda Waterfall was an American folk musician and singer-songwriter.
Armada of Antares is a science fiction novel by British writer Kenneth Bulmer under the pseudonym of Alan Burt Akers.
South Wexford was a UK Parliament constituency in Ireland, returning one Member of Parliament 1885–1922. Prior to 1885 the area was part of the County Wexford constituency.
Erica Musci (born April 6, 1990), better known by her stage name Erica Mou, is an Italian singer and musician. Born in Bisceglie, Italy, she began studying singing at the age of 5, and playing guitar at 11.
McCartney II is the second solo studio album by English musician Paul McCartney, released on 16 May 1980.
Choi Kyung-ah (; born 20 September 1969) is a South Korean manhwa artist.
BET's Listening Party is the second album by R & B group Jade. It was released in summer of 1993 and is a live album.
Finding North is a 1998 gay-themed independent comedy-drama. Written by Kim Powers and directed by Tanya Wexler, the film stars Wendy Makkena and John Benjamin Hickey.
John Mugabi (born 2nd September 1961) is a Ugandan former professional boxer who competed from 1980 to 1991, and 1996 to 1999.
He was born at Abercrave, Brecknockshire. First-Class Matches played by Percy Morgan In 1935, he played 2 Minor Counties Championship matches for the Glamorgan Second XI against Oxfordshire and Dorset.
Matthieu Prosper Avril (born December 12, 1937) is a Haitian political figure who was President of Haiti from 1988 to 1990.
Nadja Benaissa (born 26 April 1982) is a German recording artist, television personality, and occasional actress.
Jonathan Mark Naylor (born 1966/1967), commonly known as Jono Naylor, is a New Zealand politician from Palmerston North.
Toshiko Akiyoshi at Maybeck is a solo jazz piano album recorded by Toshiko Akiyoshi at the Maybeck Recital Hall in Berkeley, California and released on the Concord Jazz record label.
Pownce was a free social networking and micro-blogging site started by Internet entrepreneurs Kevin Rose, Leah Culver, and Daniel Burka.
Stephen Payne, OBE, MNM, RDI, FREng, FRINA, HonFIED is a British naval architect.
Sterling Flunder (born February 14, 1986 in Bothell, Washington) is a retired American soccer player who last played for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL.
Dhi As Sufal District is a district of the Ibb Governorate, Yemen.
Papparapaam is an upcoming Tamil dramedy film written and directed by debutante Sasikumaran and starring Vinoth Kishan, Ishaara Nair, Yamini, and John Vijay.
""" Paraffin "" is the first single by the trip hop/industrial band Ruby, from their debut album Salt Peter."
The World Innovation Summit for Education (WISE) is an international initiative aimed at transforming education through innovation. WISE was established by Qatar Foundation in 2009 under the patronage of its chairperson, Sheikha Mozah bint Nasser.
Mill Creek Entertainment is an American home video company founded in 2002 by Ian Warfield, Robert Zakheim and Scott Moss in Minnetonka, Minnesota.
Summum Girl cover (June 2011) Summum is a leading French-language monthly lifestyle magazine in Quebec, Canada.
Solaris Containers (including Solaris Zones) is an implementation of operating system-level virtualization technology for x86 and SPARC systems, first released publicly in February 2004 in build 51 beta of Solaris 10, and subsequently in the first full release of Solaris 10, 2005.
Michael Richard Perz[fn 1] is a Filipino-Swiss dancer and occasional actor. Mickey Perz was born in Vienna, Austria to an Austrian father and a Filipino mother.
Cudgera Creek is a town located in north-eastern New South Wales, Australia, in the Tweed Shire. In the , Cudgera Creek recorded a population of 386 people, 53.1% female and 46.9% male.
Birds of Wales is an indie folk rock band based in Toronto, Ontario.
No Concept is the third album composed by Giovanni Allevi and was published in 2005 by the label Casa Ricordi.
Jean Boucher (February 20, 1926 – December 18, 2011) was a Canadian politician and notary.
"Craig Low (born 8 May 1985) is an Australian comedian, actor, writer and host who is known publicly as ""Lowie""."
Una voglia da morire is a 1965 Italian drama film directed by Duccio Tessari.
Blue Murder is a British crime drama television series based in Manchester, originally broadcast on ITV from 2003 until 2009, starring Caroline Quentin as DCI Janine Lewis and Ian Kelsey as DI Richard Mayne.
Łątczyn Włościański (Polish pronunciation: [ˈwɔnt.tʂɨn vwɔɕˈtɕaj̃skʲi]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Bill Carroll (born December 29, 1966 in Wilmington, Delaware) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, bassist and guitarist.
Liesvesi is a medium-sized lake of Central Finland in the Kymijoki main catchment area.
Vidoja Božinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Видоја Божиновић, born 3 October 1955), also known as Džindžer (transliteration for Ginger), is a Serbian musician.
Ivan Mikhailovich Simonov (1794–1855) was a Russian astronomer and a geodesist.
Charles S. Martz (November 21, 1903 – April 5, 1966) was an American photographer, painter, inventor and entrepreneur.
Gittin' to Know Y'All is a various artists album recorded during the annual Baden-Baden Free Jazz Meeting in 1969 and released on the MPS label in 1970.
Jothimani Sennimalai (Tamil: ஜோதிமணி சென்னிமலை; born 9 August 1975), also known mononymously as Jothimani, is an Indian politician, writer, and social worker.
Bird Wood Cage is the third studio album by English post-punk band The Wolfgang Press, released in 1988 by record label 4AD.
Michel Demazure (; born 2 March 1937) according to Who's Who in France.
Western Christian High School (commonly Western Christian, WCHS, or Western) is a private, coeducational, Calvinist, Christian private secondary school in Hull, Iowa, United States, serving students in grades 9 & ndash;12.
His book, American Tragedy: Kennedy, Johnson, and the Origins of the Vietnam War, was winner of the 2001 ForeWord Magazine Book of the Year Award (History Category).
Yaman Okay (1951 – 19 February 1993) was a Turkish actor. He won the 1981 Golden Orange Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in On Fertile Lands.
Josip Crnić (born January 11, 1989 in Rijeka, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian handball right winger.
Three O'Clock High is a 1987 American teen film directed by Phil Joanou.
Beena Kannan is an Indian sari designer.
Small Gods is the thirteenth of Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels, published in 1992.
David Salom Fuentes (born 16 October 1984) is a Spanish professional motorcycle racer.
John Neil Reagan (September 16, 1908 – December 11, 1996) was an American radio station manager, CBS senior producer, and senior vice president of McCann Erickson.
Rannametsa is a village in Häädemeeste Parish, Pärnu County in southwestern Estonia.
The Girl Without an Address () ) is a 1957 Soviet romantic comedy film directed by Eldar Ryazanov and written by Leonid Lench.
Melanie Hall (born 11 January 1977) is a wheelchair basketball player from Australia.
St. Agnes Academy-St. Dominic School is a private Catholic school consisting of an all-girls school, PK2-12th Grade and an all boys school, PK2-8th Grade in Memphis, Tennessee, United States.
The Man Who Had His Hair Cut Short () is a 1966 Belgian drama film directed by André Delvaux, starring Senne Rouffaer and Beata Tyszkiewicz.
Japan Women's University (日本女子大学, Nihon joshi daigaku) is the oldest and largest of private Japanese women's universities.
Arthur Appleby (22 July 1843 – 24 October 1902) was an English first-class cricketer.
Zarudcze [zaˈrutt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
Dean Brody is the self-titled debut album of Canadian country music singer, Dean Brody.
Jälgimäe is a village in Saku Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
The Animal in You is a 1995 non-fiction book by Roy Feinson, which posits a biological basis as to why people tend to exhibit personality traits similar to animal species.
Radešín is a village and municipality (obec) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
There's a Whole Lalo Schifrin Goin' On is an album by Argentine composer, pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1968 and released on the Dot label.
Koh Kong Airport is a public use airport located near Koh Kong, Kaôh Kŏng, Cambodia.
Story Time, also known as Storytime, is an outdoor bronze sculpture by Gary Lee Price, installed in Corvallis, Oregon, in the United States.
Scanner is a German power metal band that was formed in 1986.
Nicholas Charles Dingley (2 December 1960 – 8 December 1984), better known by his stage name Razzle, was the English drummer of Finnish glam rock band Hanoi Rocks from 1982 until his death.
Szalejów Dolny [ʂaˈlɛjuf ˈdɔlnɨ] (German: Niederschwedeldorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Vazhunnor () is a 1999 Indian Malayalam-language action thriller film directed by Joshiy and written by Benny P. Nayarambalam.
Bae Sang-moon (Korean: 배상문; born 21 June 1986), or Sang-moon Bae, is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour.
Paul Sprachman (born 26 May 1947) is a professor emeritus who taught at Rutgers University in the United States.
Anne Froelick Taylor (December 8, 1913 – January 26, 2010) was an American screenwriter from 1941 to 1950, and later a playwright and novelist.
Nienstedten (German pronunciation (help·info)) is a quarter in the city of Hamburg, Germany.
Gordana Đilas (; born 23 December 1958) is a Serbian poet, librarian and bibliographer.
The Reformist Bloc (Bulgarian: Реформаторски блок) was a centre-right electoral alliance in Bulgaria.
Mirapakay (chili ) is a 2011 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film directed by Harish Shankar.
Leonard Wilcox (January 29, 1799 – June 18, 1850) was an American lawyer, judge and politician. He served as a United States Senator from New Hampshire, as judge of the New Hampshire Superior Court, and as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives during the 1800s.
Alfred Le Roux (11 December 1815 - 1 June 1880) was a French poet, banker and politician.
Skurów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is a national level board of education in India for public and private schools, controlled and managed by Union Government of India.
Xavier Roberts (born October 31, 1955 in Cleveland, Georgia) is best known for Cabbage Patch Kid dolls, once immensely popular soft sculpted dolls based upon a design originally created by Martha Nelson Thomas.
Sheesha () is an Indian Hindi psychological erotic thriller movie produced by Guddu Dhanoa and Sunil Saini. It was directed by Ashu Trikha & stars Neha Dhupia, Sonu Sood, Elidh MacQueen, Nijju Mavani, Nares Ngamseera, Vivek Shaq and Robert Slater.
Tymienica Nowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chotcza, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Patema Inverted (サカサマのパテマ, Sakasama no Patema) is a 2013 Japanese animated science fiction film written and directed by Yasuhiro Yoshiura.
Theory of Everything is the second studio album by Australian indie rock band Children Collide.
The 2010 AAA Texas 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race that was held on November 7, 2010, at Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth, Texas.
Edwin Thomas (born 1977) is an English historical novelist. He was born in 1977 in Frankfurt, West Germany, and grew up in Belgium and Connecticut, United States.
Remi Hirano (平野 レミ, Hirano Remi, born March 21, 1947, in Taitō, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese chef, TV personality, and chanson singer.
Dorothy Michaelis Theomin (1888 & ndash;1966) was a notable New Zealand philanthropist and mountaineer.
Büsserach is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Aye Maung ( ) is a Burmese politician and was the chairman of the Arakan National Party, one of Myanmar's ethnic political parties.
Raphael Debono (19th century) was a Maltese minor philosopher. In philosophy he mostly specialised in logic.
Jonathan Pryce CBE (born John Price; 1 June 1947) is a Welsh actor.
The News Sun is an American daily newspaper published in Kendallville, Indiana.
Tolombeh-ye Panj Shanbeh Tajik (, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Panj Shanbeh Tājīk) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Ceran St. Vrain, born Ceran de Hault de Lassus de Saint-Vrain (May 5, 1802 – October 28, 1870), was the American son of a French aristocrat who immigrated to the United States in the late 18th century; his mother was from St. Louis, where he was born.
Karl May is a 1974 West German biographical drama film directed by Hans-Jürgen Syberberg, starring Helmut Käutner as the writer Karl May.
Khalifa AlJaziri (Arabic: خليفة الجزيري; born 23 July 1979) is an Emirati entrepreneur, co-founder of e-Home AUTOMATION and a notable (Arabic) UAE young business leader.
Laetitia Chapeh Yimga (born 7 April 1987) is a Cameroonian-born Equatoguinean-naturalized footballer who plays as a defender for French club Lille OSC and the Equatorial Guinea women's national team.
Matteo Teoldi (born May 12, 1985 in Ponte San Pietro) is an Italian professional football player who last played in the Serie B for A.S. Cittadella.
KMOZ-FM (92.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to serve Grand Junction, Colorado, United States, the station is currently owned by MBC Grand.
An Outline Dictionary of Maya Glyphs: With a Concordance and Analysis of Their Relationships is a monograph study of the Maya script by William E. Gates, first published in 1931.
William VIII of Montpellier (in Occitan: Guilhem VIII; died 1202) was Lord of Montpellier, the son of William VII and Matilda of Burgundy.
Betaabi is a 1997 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rajesh Kumar Singh and produced by Paramjeet Baweja.
The Encounter, published in 1996 and written by K.
Way Back Home () is a 2013 South Korean drama film starring Jeon Do-yeon and Go Soo, and directed by Bang Eun-jin.
Tea Grubišić (born December 3, 1985) is a Croatian female handballer playing in the Turkish Women's Handball Super League for Ardeşen GSK and the Croatian national team.
Jorge Cepernic (23 February 1915 & ndash; 18 July 2010) was an Argentine politician and Governor of Santa Cruz Province between 1973 and 1974.
Buddhaghosa Mahasthavir (Devanagari: बुद्धघोष महास्थविर, born Sapta Ratna Vajracharya, 12 October 1921 & nbsp;– 24 September 2011) was a Nepalese Buddhist monk who worked to revive Theravada Buddhism in Nepal in the 1940s in the face of suppression by the Rana regime.
Manuel Gerardo Ureña Picado (born 6 July 1955) is a retired Costa Rican football player who played most of his career with Deportivo Saprissa, during the 1970s and 1980s.
Empress (French: Impératrice) is a French biographical novel written by Shan Sa, a French author who was born in Beijing.
Bethelsdorp is a town in Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, 20 & nbsp;km north-west of Port Elizabeth.
Marcelo Ostria Trigo (born February 23, 1935), is a Bolivian attorney, government official, diplomat, university professor, columnist and author.
At the 39th Academy Awards, Grand Prix won Oscars for Best Sound Effects (Gordon Daniel), Best Film Editing and Best Sound (Franklin Milton).
Lögdeå is a locality situated in Nordmaling Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden. It had 394 inhabitants in 2010 and an area of 116 hectares.
The Rapid River is a river in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Kevin Brooks (born October 12, 1969) is an American professional basketball coach and former player who is an assistant coach for the Adelaide 36ers of the National Basketball League (NBL).
Rush Hour is an American police procedural comedy-drama television series developed by Bill Lawrence and Blake McCormick that is based on the popular film of the same name.
Nag [ Bengali কেশবচন্দ্র নাগ ] (10 July 1893 – 6 February 1987), was an Indian Bengali mathematician, author of various mathematics textbooks and educator. K. C. Nag was born in Gurap, Nagpara Hooghly, Bengal, British India on the holy day of Rath Yatra, 10 July 1893.
Daniel De Leon (; December 14, 1852 – May 11, 1914) was an American socialist newspaper editor, politician, Marxist theoretician, and trade union organizer.
Henham, or Henham-on-the-Hill is a village and civil parish in the Uttlesford district of Essex, England.
Touchin' on Trane is a live album by American jazz saxophonist Charles Gayle, bassist William Parker and percussionist Rashied Ali featuring performances inspired by John Coltrane which were recorded in Germany in 1993 for the FMP label.
Kyungpook National University (경북대학교, abbreviated as KNU or Kyungdae, 경대) is a national university representing Daegu Metropolitan City and Gyeongbuk Province in South Korea .
Piotr Azikiewicz (born 13 February 1995 in Legnica) is a Polish football player who plays as a midfielder in Kotwica Kołobrzeg on loan from Zagłębie Lubin.
A Stranger in Paradise is a 2013 thriller film directed by Corrado Boccia and starring Colin Egglesfield, Catalina Sandino Moreno and Stuart Townsend.
Michelle Marie Thorne (born 2 August 1975) is an English glamour model, pornographic actress and director.
Simlak is a village in Jalalpore Taluka Navsari district, Gujarat, India.
Sam Dixon (born July 29, 1957) is an American basketball coach.
The Robesonian is a newspaper published in Lumberton, North Carolina, Tuesday through Friday afternoon and Saturday and Sunday morning.
Newnan–Coweta County Airport is a public use airport in Coweta County, Georgia, United States.
Vanessa O'Connell is a journalist and co-author of Wheelmen: Lance Armstrong, the Tour de France, and the Greatest Sports Conspiracy Ever.
Ramayya Vasthavayya ( Rama, will you come here?) is a 2013 Indian Telugu-language action film written and directed by Harish Shankar.
Kalek () is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
"KUKU (1330 AM, "" Ozark Regional NewsTalk "" ) was an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Willow Springs, Missouri."
Lalabad-e Seyyed Jafari (, also Romanized as La‘lābād-e Seyyed Ja‘farī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
First Empire: The International Magazine for the Napoleonic Enthusiast, Historian, and Gamer was a bimonthly Napoleonic history magazine published in the United Kingdom.
Up in Hell is the third studio album from American heavy metal band Incite.
Bhakta Dhruva () is a 1934 Indian Kannada language Mythological devotional film directed by Parshwanath Altekar and produced by U. L. Narayana Rao.
Koiluoto (Cyrill. Russian: Койлуото) is an island in the Bay of Virolahti of the Gulf of Finland.
Black Infinity is a Vietnamese Heavy metal band, formed in 2006 by Nguyễn Tiến Hưng (Hung Blackhearted), Đặng Thái Sơn, Nguyễn Tiến Mẫn (Tiger Nguyen) (Hưng's younger brother), and Tiger Vũ.
Kjell Birger Grede (12 August 1936 & ndash; 15 December 2017) https://www.familjesidan.se/cases/kjell-grede/funeral-notices was a Swedish film director. Den svenske regissøren Kjell Grede er død He directed nine films between 1967 and 2003.
All About Love (得閒炒飯 De xian chao fan) is a 2010 Hong Kong film directed and produced by Ann Hui.
Michael E. Haynes (May 9, 1927 – September 12, 2019) was an American minister and politician in the state of Massachusetts.
Błonie Duże [ˈbwɔɲɛ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Strength in Democracy (French: Forces et Démocratie, French pronunciation: ​[fɔʁs e demɔkʁasi]) was a Canadian federal political party founded in 2014 by two Quebec Members of Parliament (MPs).
Henry Huggins is the first book in the Henry Huggins series of children's novels, written by Beverly Cleary.
Michael Damgaard Nielsen (born 18 March 1990) is a Danish handball player for SC Magdeburg and the Danish national team.
Wally Shoup (born 1944) is an American jazz alto saxophonist and painter.
The T.S. Eliot Appreciation Society is an indie folk band from the Netherlands, founded by singer-songwriter Tom Gerritsen in 2011.
Tresnay is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France. At the 1999 census, the population was 167.
KZUE (1460 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish variety format. Licensed to El Reno, Oklahoma, United States, the station serves the Oklahoma City area.
Samuel Merritt University (SMU) is a private university focused on health sciences and located on the Summit campus of the Alta Bates Summit Medical Center in Oakland, California.
White Woman is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Stuart Walker and starring Carole Lombard, Charles Laughton, and Charles Bickford.
Vennira Aadai (English: White Dress) is a 1965 Indian Tamil-language romance film, directed by C.
Dust Tracks on a Road is the 1942 autobiography of black American writer and anthropologist Zora Neale Hurston.
Hossein Papi (, born February 27, 1985) is an Iranian football player who played for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League.
Vents Feldmanis (born March 7, 1977 in Jūrmala) is a Latvian ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for HK Metalurgs Liepāja of the Belarusian Extraleague.
Connersville High School is the only high school in Fayette County, Indiana. Connersville High School is located in Connersville, Indiana.
Arthington Worsley (Marylebone, London 9 December 1861 – Middlesex, 13 January 1944) was a British botanist, explorer and civil engineer, who carried out extensive botanical expeditions in South America.
...Barefootsoul is the fourth studio album from Sonia Dada, released in 2002.
Major Sydney Vincent Sippe (pronounced -ee) (24 April 1889 – 17 November 1968) was a British pioneer aviator.
Thouqan Hindawi is a renowned Jordanian Politician, Educator, and Parliamentary who was born in 1927 in The Hindawi Madafa or Court of his father Sheikh Salem Pasha Hindawi in the Northern Region of The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan which was Emirate of Transjordan at that time.
Citadine (meaning City Women in English) is a French language women's and lifestyle magazine published in Casablanca, Morocco.
Aceituna is a municipality in the province of Cáceres and autonomous community of Extremadura, Spain. The municipality covers an area of 620 square kilometres (240 sq mi) and as of 2011 had a population of 620 people.
Nativity! is a 2009 British Christmas comedy film directed by Debbie Isitt and released on 27 November 2009 and the first installment in the Nativity film series.
Tamatama (たまたま, Chance) is a 2011 Japanese film, a drama directed by Mayumi Komatsu.
Phillip James Edwin Peebles (born April 25, 1935) is a Canadian-American astrophysicist, astronomer, and theoretical cosmologist who is currently the Albert Einstein Professor Emeritus of Science at Princeton University.
All That Really Matters (Polish: Wszystko, co najważniejsze) is a 1992 Polish drama film directed by Robert Gliński.
Gabriela Kulka (known as Gaba Kulka, born 1979 in Warsaw, Poland) is an independent artist, a songwriter, and performer.
America Right or Wrong: An Anatomy of American Nationalism is a 2012 book by the British author and academic Anatol Lieven.
Kidangannoor is a town in the extreme west end of Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala, India.
Backup4all is a backup software for Microsoft Windows developed by Softland.
KWLA (103.1 FM, KWLA 103.1) is an American radio station licensed to Anacoco, Louisiana and broadcasting to Leesville, Louisiana with a News/Talk format.
The oribi is a small, slender antelope; it reaches nearly 50-67 centimetres (20-26 in) at the shoulder and weighs 12-22 kilograms (26-49 lb).
Nicolas Brazier (17 February 1783, Paris - 18 February 1838) was a French chansonnier and vaudevillist.
Kiss II is a 1962 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.
This Is Stompin' Tom This Is Stompin' Tom is a 20-minute 1972 Canadian documentary about Stompin' Tom Connors directed by Edwin W. Moody.
The Salute Tour was the second concert tour by British girl group Little Mix, in support of their second studio album, Salute.
Briscous (Basque Beskoitze) is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Stanley Tillekeratne was a Sri Lankan politician.
Fever to Tell is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
The Fort Wayne FireHawks were a professional indoor football team based in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Diva Destruction is an American darkwave project.
The Mirza Fatali Akhundov National Library of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani: Mirzə Fətəli Axundov adına Azərbaycan Milli Kitabxanası) is the national library of the Republic of Azerbaijan, located in Baku and founded in 1922.
Michael Parker (born March 2, 1986), better known by the stage name Worldwide, is an independent rapper, emcee, music producer & hiphop artist from San Antonio, Texas.
WOW is the first leader album by Japanese pianist Junko Onishi, released on January 20, 1993 in Japan.
Jang Tae-sung (born September 27, 1980) is a South Korean actor.
The village of Silecroft in Cumbria is in the parish of Whicham.
Neville O'Riley Livingston, OM (born 10 April 1947), best known as Bunny Wailer, is a Jamaican singer songwriter and percussionist and was an original member of reggae group The Wailers along with Bob Marley and Peter Tosh.
Digby Bell (born Digby Valentine Bell) (November 8, 1849 – June 20, 1917) was a popular vaudeville entertainer and Broadway performer at the beginning of the 20th century.
Becoming Royston is a full-length feature film directed by Nicholas Chee and produced by Originasian Pictures.
The Battle of Boju (Chinese: 柏舉之戰) was the decisive battle of the war fought in 506 BC between Wu and Chu, two major kingdoms during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.
Mömlingen is a municipality in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany.
"Mitsugetsu-shō (蜜月抄, ""Honeymoon Excerpt""), is a live compilation album by Japanese musician Ringo Sheena."
Bedardi is a 1993 Indian Hindi-language film starring Ajay Devgn, Urmila Matondkar, Naseeruddin Shah, Reena Roy, Ashok Banthia and Kiran Kumar in pivotal roles.
Comanche Territory (Spanish: Territorio Comanche) is a 1997 Spanish drama war film produced and directed by Gerardo Herrero and starring Imanol Arias, Carmelo Gómez, Cecilia Dopazo, Bruno Todeschini and Gastón Pauls.
Karaağaç, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
Mommy 2: Mommy's Day (also known as just Mommy's Day) is a 1997 low budget sequel to the 1995 thriller Mommy starring Patty McCormack once again as the psychotically obsessed mother who is trying to reunite with her daughter.
A Girl in the River: The Price of Forgiveness is a 2015 documentary film directed by Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy about honor killings in Pakistan.
El Jicaral is a municipality in the León department of Nicaragua.
David Michôd ( ; born 30 November 1972) is an Australian film director, screenwriter, producer and actor.
Les Spécialistes () is a 1985 French action film directed by Patrice Leconte.
Kathleen Mabel Bridle ARUA (19 November 1897 – 25 May 1989) was a British artist and teacher. Kathleen Bridle was born at Swalecliffe in Kent on 19 November 1897.
Aisy-sous-Thil is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne region of eastern France.
Altern-8 is a British electronic music duo, featuring Mark Archer and Chris Peat.
More to Hate is the third studio album by American rapper Big B.
Seninghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
At the Close of a Century is a box set album of Stevie Wonder's greatest hits from the 1960s through the 1990s.
Luke Records is the record label formed in 1985 by Luther Campbell and David Chackler, David Chackler interview on dailygrindhouse.com former frontman of 2 Live Crew.
CJNE-FM is a radio station in Nipawin, Saskatchewan.
Courte tête French: Short Head, is a French comedy film from 1956, directed by Norbert Carbonnaux, written by Michel Audiard, starring Fernand Gravey and Louis de Funès.
Bernard Braden Reads Stephen Leacock is a spoken word record, performed by Bernard Braden, and was recorded in front of a live audience at the Oxford Union Society.
Miro Weinberger (born February 25, 1970) is an American politician and the 42nd and current mayor of Burlington, Vermont.
Lojze Krakar (21 February 1926 – 24 December 1995) was a Slovene poet, translator, editor, literary historian, and essayist. Poetry International Web Slovenian poetry: between elegy and serenity Krakar was born in Semič in White Carniola in 1926.
Gregorio Mayans y Siscar (1699–1781) was a Spanish historian, linguist and writer of the Enlightenment in Spain.
Candlelight Records is a British record label based in England and founded by former Extreme Noise Terror bassist Lee Barrett, though it has had a division in the United States since January 2001.
Love Is Where You Find It is the eleventh studio album by American R&B/Soul group the Whispers.
Hiroko Okabe (岡部 広子, Okabe Hiroko, born 27 June 1980), known professionally as Yūka (優香, Yūka), is a Japanese actress, presenter, and former gravure idol.
In 1991 IBM spun out its printer manufacturing into a new business called Lexmark.
Intimités is the second EP by Miss Kittin & The Hacker. An electroclash record, it was released in 1999 on International DeeJay Gigolo Records.
Alpena High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the rural, distant community of Alpena, Arkansas, United States.
Karpoora Mullai is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Fazil, starring Amala, Raja and Srividya.
Raúl Alexander Acha Alemán (born January 25, 1985) is a Latin Grammy winning Mexican singer-songwriter.
Holyoke Catholic High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in Chicopee, Massachusetts, United States.
Andreas Ioannides () (born November 29, 1975) is a Cypriot midfielder who played for Nea Salamina of Cyprus.
Lucien Ballard, A.S.C. (6 May 1908 – 1 October 1988) was an American cinematographer.
The International Longshore and Warehouse Union (ILWU) is a labor union which primarily represents dock workers on the West Coast of the United States, Hawaii, and in British Columbia, Canada.
Marino Institute of Education (Irish: Institiúid Oideachais Marino) is an Irish College of Education, an associated College of Trinity College Dublin.
Adultery (Adultério in Portuguese) is a novel by Brazilian author Paulo Coelho.
Carlos Franz Thorud (born March 3, 1959) is a writer from Chile, who also holds Spanish citizenship.
Complete Sports is a Nigerian daily national sports newspaper and has its headquarters in Isolo, a local government area in Lagos State.
Winchfield is a small village in the Hart District of Hampshire in the South-East of England.
Legend is a 2011 dystopian young adult novel written by American author Marie Lu.
Eugène Kabongo Ngoy (born November 3, 1960) is a Congolese former professional footballer who played as a forward for R.F.C. Seraing, RC Paris, Anderlecht, Olympique Lyonnais and Bastia.
Robert Dahlgren (born 1 December 1979 in Skellefteå) is a Swedish auto racing driver who currently competes for the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship.
National Pingtung University (NPTU; ) is a public university in Pingtung City, Pingtung County, Taiwan.
Phool Aur Patthar (transl. Flower and Rock) is a 1966 Indian film, directed and produced by O. P. Ralhan and written by Ralhan with Akhtar ul Iman and Ahsan Rizvi.
The Movement of Popular Participation (Spanish: Movimiento de Participación Popular) is a Uruguayan political party.
Rehema is Ugandan film directed by Allan Manzi based upon a screenplay by Usama Mukwaya starring Juliet Zansaanze, Raymond Rushabiro and Ismael Ssesanga.
Scévole de Sainte-Marthe (2 February 1536 – 29 March 1623) was a French poet, born in Loudun.
More Than Human is a 1953 science fiction novel by American writer Theodore Sturgeon.
Dag Nasty is an American punk rock band from Washington D.C., formed in 1985 by guitarist Brian Baker of Minor Threat, drummer Colin Sears and bassist Roger Marbury, both of Bloody Mannequin Orchestra, and vocalist Shawn Brown (later of Swiz and Jesuseater).
555325 The Gubkin Russian State University of Oil and Gas (Russian: Российский государственный университет нефти и газа имени И. Губкина) is a university in Moscow.
Heiki Nabi (born 6 June 1985) is an Estonian Olympic champion wrestler.
Humaid Fakher is a UAE football Defender who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 Asian Cup.
Gadair European Airlines was an airline based in Madrid, Spain.
Robert Maria Muñoz (born August 10, 1971), known professionally by his stage name Robby Maria, is an Austrian musician and singer-songwriter with Argentinian roots.
"""Bad Reputation"" is a rock song co-written and recorded by Joan Jett and released as the debut single from her 1980 debut album of the same name."
Murphy's Kids is a six-piece American ska punk band from Richmond, Virginia, formed in 1999.
A Secret Life is a 1999 American drama film directed by Larry Peerce and starring Roma Downey and William Russ.
Panchagaon is a village in Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.
David Brody is an American journalist, and Chief Political Analyst for the Christian Broadcasting Network.
Cuba Libre is a 1998 historical novel written by Elmore Leonard.
"Terence Koh (born 1977 in Beijing, China ) is a Canadian artist who has also worked under the alias ""asianpunkboy""."
Nkwerre is one of the Local Government Areas in Imo State, Nigeria with its headquarters in Nkwerre town where the name of local government area was derived.
Double Exposure (Chinese: 诡替身) is a 2014 Chinese horror thriller film directed by Li Jinhang.
Kiss Me Again (Italian: Baciami ancora) is a 2010 Italian film written and directed by Gabriele Muccino.
The Immoral (Norwegian: De Umoralske) is a 2013 Norwegian comedy film directed by Lars Daniel Krutzkoff Jacobsen.
Samuel Crossman (1623 – 4 February 1683) was a minister of the Church of England and a hymn writer. He was born at Bradfield Monachorum, now known as Bradfield St George, Suffolk, England.
Canal Parlamento is a Spanish TV channel dedicated to broadcast live coverage of Spanish Courts from Congreso de los Diputados in Madrid, Spain.
2nd Independent Division of Fujian Provincial Military District () was formed in April 1966 from the Public Security Contingent of Fujian province. The division was composed of three regiments (4th to 6th).
Angeline Mabula (born 6 May 1962) is a Tanzanian politician belonging to the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM) party.
Happy Pledis 2nd Album is a charity single by the South Korean music label Pledis Entertainment's artists Son Dam-bi, Kahi, After School, NU'EST's JR and Baekho, Hello Venus's Yoo Ara and Lime and Pre-School Girl Park Jung-hyun.
EarthGang (stylized EARTHGANG) is an American hip hop duo from Atlanta, Georgia, United States, composed of Atlanta-based rappers Olu (aka Johnny Venus) and WowGr8 (aka Doctur Dot - born Eian Parker).
Kozołupy [kɔzɔˈwupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Rides are an American blues supergroup, featuring guitarists Stephen Stills, Kenny Wayne Shepherd and keyboardist Barry Goldberg.
Oceania is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins, released on June 19, 2012, through EMI, Reprise Records and Martha's Music.
Hubris is a solo album by American jazz pianist and composer Richard Beirach recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.
Swakeleys School for Girls is a secondary school and sixth form for girls located in the Hillingdon area of the London Borough of Hillingdon, England.
Joe Lane (21 March 1927 – 13 April 2007) was an Australian Bebop jazz vocalist based in Sydney.
Thure Bergvall (23 November 1887 – 20 September 1950) was a Swedish long-distance runner.
Sagar Sarhadi is an Indian short story and play writer, and a writer, director and producer for film.
The Mifflinburg Area School District is a small, rural, public school district serving western Union County, Pennsylvania.
Brother Clyde is the debut studio album from alternative rock group Brother Clyde.
Carolina Wallin Pérez (born in Mellerud, Sweden on 4 August 1982) is a Swedish pop and jazz singer.
Berenji (Persian: برنجي‎, also Romanized as Berenjī) is a village in Negar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.
GATO is a real-time submarine simulator first published in 1984 by Spectrum HoloByte for MS-DOS. It simulates combat operations aboard the Gato-class submarine USS Growler (SS-215) in the Pacific Theater of World War II.
Ella Chen Chia-hwa (traditional Chinese: 陳嘉樺; simplified Chinese: 陈嘉桦; pinyin: Chén Jiāhuà; born 18 June 1981) is a Taiwanese singer, actress, and television host.
Huntsville International is the third studio album by American hip hop duo G-Side.
Nied is a city district of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Valayesh (, also Romanized as Vālāyesh; also known as Vilaish and Vilashi) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District, Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.
Eula Caballero (born Lou Eula May Caballero Simo on May 23, 1995) is a Filipina actress.
Miruthanga Chakravarthi is a 1983 Indian Tamil language musical drama film directed by K. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, K.
Legacy is an original novel written by Gary Russell and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Romantic Works is the third studio album by English musician Keaton Henson.
is a 2013 Japanese animated science fiction film written and directed by Yasuhiro Yoshiura. A four-episode original net animation (ONA) series, Patema Inverted: Beginning of the Day, streamed in 2012.
Eudunda is a rural town in South Australia, roughly 103 kilometres northeast of Adelaide, established in 1870 after settlers began moving into the area in the 1860s.
Giekau is a municipality in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Bang Hyun-sung (Korean: 방현성; Hanja: 方縣成; born June 16, 1991), professionally known as Ryan Bang, is a South Korean host, singer, comedian, actor and television personality active in the Philippine entertainment industry since 2010.
Ottapparai is a census town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. As of 2001[update] India census, Ottapparai had a population of 9216.
Losing Isaiah is a 1995 American drama film starring Jessica Lange and Halle Berry, directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal.
"Quella Vecchia Locanda (Italian for "" That old inn "" ) or QVL were an Italian progressive rock, symphonic rock or chamber music musical group from Rome formed in 1970."
Pannalal and his elder brother Dhananjay Bhattacharya, another eminent singer of Shyama Sangeet, wanted to please Kali by offering her their songs.
Stöðvarfjörður (formerly Kirkjuból) is a village in east Iceland.
Hebsur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
The Penn State Lady Lions basketball team represents Pennsylvania State University and plays its home games in the Bryce Jordan Center.
Mahesh Gawli (born 23 January 1980) is a former Indian footballer who played as a defender. Gawli was born in Goa and began playing football at 8.
Kurot Sa Puso is the second studio album by Filipino singer Donna Cruz, released in the Philippines in 1992 by Viva Records.
Divisions Zaoksky Adventist University is a private coeducational Christian university located in Tula Oblast of Russia, and is operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
Jamal Sadat (, born 2 July 1983 in Addis Abeba) is an Ethiopian football goalkeeper.
La Meuse is a French language regional newspaper published in Liège, Belgium.
"Mon Amour: Shesher Kobita Revisited ( "" Mon Amour: Shesher Kobita Revisited "" ) is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Subhrajit Mitra."
Nedelica (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Turnišče in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
Richard Williams (born September 16, 1988), better known by his stage name Prince Ea, is a controversial American spoken word artist and motivational speaker.
Men Without Wings () is a 1946 Czech drama film directed by František Čáp.
""" A Day in My Life (Without You) "" is the second single from the album Together Forever, released by singer of hip-hop and freestyle music Lisette Melendez in 1991."
Damien Ricketson (born 9 May 1973) is an Australian composer of contemporary classical music.
Mister Donut is a fast food franchise founded in the United States in 1956 by Harry Winokur.
The American Unitarian Conference (AUC) is a religious organization and a missionary and publication society which serves the needs of individual Unitarian believers.
Bədirqala (also, Bedirka and Bedirkala) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 723.
Adult Tsessebe are 150 to 230 cm in length.
Milice, film noir () is a French documentary film from 1997. It was directed and written by Alain Ferrari, Alain Ferrari – L'encyclopédie de La Règle du jeu starring Emile Augonnet, Francoise Basch, and Michel Bouquet.
The Liberal Reformist Party (, PLR) was a centre-right liberal political party in Romania founded on 3 July 2014 by Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu.
""" 21 Guns "" is a song by American rock band Green Day. It was released as the second single from their eighth album, 21st Century Breakdown, and serves as the sixteenth track from the album."
Niko Pucić de Zagorien (also Nicola Pozza in Italian; February 5, 1820 – April 13, 1883) was a writer and politician from the old Ragusan noble family.
Kadiri in the 2016 Nigerian film First Class Ruth Kadiri is a Nigerian actress, screenwriter and film producer. Ruth Kadiri was born on March 24, 1988, in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria.
The Helio Sequence is an American indie rock duo from Beaverton, Oregon, signed to Sub Pop. The band consists of Brandon Summers on vocals and guitars and Benjamin Weikel on drums and keyboards.
Chan Kong-sang (Chinese: 陳港生; born 7 April 1954), known professionally as Jackie Chan, is a Hong Konger martial artist, actor, film director, producer, stuntman, and singer.
Luciano da Silva or simply Triguinho (born 25 February 1979 in Piquete), is a Brazilian left back, who currently plays for Red Bull Brasil.
Fiend for Blood is an EP by Autopsy released in 1991 on Peaceville Records.
Paul Fannin was born in Ashland, Kentucky, to Thomas Newton and Rhoda Catherine (née Davis) Fannin.
Walid Soliman Said Obaid (Arabic: وليد سليمان سعيد عبيد‎; born 1 December 1984) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a winger and an Attacking Midfielder for Egyptian club Al Ahly and the Egypt national team.
Ahetti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Internationale Bachakademie Stuttgart is a foundation in Stuttgart, founded by Helmuth Rilling in 1981 to foster international concerts and workshops, namely Musikfest Stuttgart, dedicated especially to the music of Johann Sebastian Bach in relation to present day composition.
Valmir Lucas de Oliveira, the Valmir Lucas born in the Edéia is a centre back who plays in the Goiás.
Coordinates: 41°52′17″N 87°37′28″W﻿ / ﻿41.871316°N 87.624454°W﻿ / 41.871316; -87.624454 East–West University is a private university in Chicago, Illinois.
On February 11, 2010, Activision announced it was time to shut down the studio as part of a widespread staff reduction that also included the shuttering of Underground Development.
Eoin McCarthy (born 1963, Dún Laoghaire, County Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish actor.
Eat Sleep Play, Inc. was an American video game developer, formed by Scott Campbell and David Jaffe, director of the Twisted Metal series and God of War.
Mountain Justice is a 1930 American Western film directed by Harry Joe Brown and written by Bennett Cohen and Leslie Mason.
Drake's father, Tony, played guitar from a young age and played in many local bands.
Casey Scheuerell is an American jazz, rock and new-age drummer and percussionist.
The Human Machine is a ninth studio album by an American death metal band Master.
Frederick E. Hyde Fjord is a fjord in Peary Land, far northern Greenland.
Actus Tragicus, sometimes credited as Actus Comics or simply Actus, is a group of five Israeli comics artists founded in 1995 by Rutu Modan and Yirmi Pinkus.
"""Cutty Sark"" (Russian: Катти Сарк) is a novella about the sailing ship Cutty Sark by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov."
Vandzene Manor (, ) is a manor house in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.
Liliana Greenfield-Sanders (born October 10, 1981 ) is an American filmmaker. Greenfield-Sanders is a writer and director, born and raised in the East Village of New York City.
Andrew 'Andy' John Holmes (15 October 1959 – 24 October 2010) Olympic Rowing Champion Andy Holmes dies aged 51, The Telegraph, 25 October 2010 was a male British rower.
Ławeczko Nowe [waˈvɛt͡ʂkɔ ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Guru is the sixth album by the rapper, PSD.
Thakur was born on 24 October 1974 at Hamirpur. He is the eldest son of Prem Kumar Dhumal and Sheela Devi. He studied at Dayanand Model School, Jalandhar and completed his BA from Doaba College, Jalandhar.
Lucky Kids (German: Glückskinder) is a 1936 German romantic comedy film directed by Paul Martin and starring Lilian Harvey, Willy Fritsch, and Paul Kemp.
Escariche is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 217 inhabitants.
Gaz Bar Blues is a 2003 Québécois drama and comedy film directed by Louis Bélanger.
I Made Mangku Pastika AO (born 22 June 1951 in Buleleng) is an Indonesian politician and retired National Police commissioner general who was the 9th Governor of Bali.
Diana Ferrus (born 29 August 1953, Worcester, Western Cape) is a South African writer, poet and storyteller of mixed Khoisan and slave ancestry.
Hightown Barracks is a military installation in Wrexham, Wales. The barracks were built in the Fortress Gothic Revival Style and completed in 1877.
The Ballad of Cable Hogue is a 1970 American Technicolor Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Jason Robards, Stella Stevens and David Warner.
Vedum is a locality situated in Vara Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 926 inhabitants in 2010.
Sara Gazarek is an American jazz singer from Seattle.
""" That's Just Jessie "" is a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Kevin Denney."
Klašnik () is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Wilbarger County Airport is a county-owned, public-use airport in Wilbarger County, Texas, United States.
Nanotech is a 1998 anthology of science fiction short stories revolving around nanotechnology and its effects. It is edited by American writers Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois.
Claude Jutra (French pronunciation: ​[klod ʒytʁa]; March 11, 1930 – November 5, 1986) was a Canadian actor, film director and writer.
Paul Sanchez is a New Orleans-born and based American guitarist and a singer-songwriter.
Nadim Kobeissi (; born 28 September 1990) is a Lebanese computer science researcher specialized in applied cryptography.
""" The Dollar "" is a debut song written and recorded by American country music artist Jamey Johnson."
Ilut, also spelt ʿAilut (; ), is an Arab local council in the Northern District of Israel.
Granite Mountain Air Station (IATA: GMT, FAA LID: GSZ) is a private airport located in Granite Mountain, Alaska, USA.
Emily Warfield (born August 10, 1972) is an American actress who made her acting debut with the TV movie Dream Date in 1989.
The Bama Boyz (a.k.a. the Bamaz) are a Grammy-nominated, Dove Award-winning, American record production, songwriting, and artist trio, consisting of Eddie “E-Trez” Smith III, Jesse J. Rankins, Jonathan D. Wells.
Dolní Břežany is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Gottfried Wilhelm Fink (8 March 1783 & ndash; 27 August 1846) was a German composer, music theorist, poet, and a Protestant clergyman.
Saung Oo Hlaing (Burmese: ဆောင်းဦးလှိုင် [sʰáʊɴ ʔú l̥àɪɴ]; born 8 December 1971) is a Burmese singer-songwriter.
Renato de Moraes (born August 16, 1980) is a retired Brazilian midfielder.
Storm Seekers (also known as Hurricane Hunter) is a 2009 American/Canadian made-for-television action / drama film directed by George Mendeluk and starring Daryl Hannah, Dylan Neal, Barclay Hope, Gwynyth Walsh, Terry Chen and Mackenzie Gray.
The First Assignment () is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Giorgia Cecere.
HK Vitez is an ice hockey team in Belgrade, Serbia.
Kim Eung-soo (Korean: 김응수, born February 12, 1961) is a South Korean actor.
WAJQ-FM (104.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format licensed to Alma, Georgia, United States.
Mulji Prabhudas Madhvani (1894–1958), commonly referred to as Muljibhai Madhvani was an Indian-born Ugandan businessman, entrepreneur, industrialist and philanthropist.
The Marjum Limestone is a geologic formation in Utah.
A Blueprint of the World is the debut album by the neo-progressive rock band Enchant.
Beowulf is a 1999 American science fantasy-action film loosely based on the Old English epic poem Beowulf. The film was directed by Graham Baker and written by Mark Leahy and David Chappe, and comes from the same producer as Mortal Kombat, which also starred Lambert.
François Goulard (French pronunciation: ​[fʁɑ̃swa gulaʁ]; born 21 September 1953 in Vannes) was a member of the National Assembly of France.
Athanasios N. Miaoulis (, 1868 & ndash;1932) was a Greek naval officer and politician, serving several times as Navy Minister and briefly as the Mayor of Piraeus.
The Guard is a 2011 Irish buddy cop comedy film written and directed by John Michael McDonagh, starring Brendan Gleeson, Don Cheadle, Mark Strong and Liam Cunningham.
La Rippe is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Per Gessle was released on 8 April 1983 and is the debut solo studio album from Swedish pop artist Per Gessle.
Reed DeMordaunt (born October 1, 1963 in Rochester, Minnesota) is a former Republican Idaho State Representative representing District 14 in the B seat from 2010 to 2016.
Usher Raymond IV (born October 14, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, actor, businessman, and dancer.
Ruben Tagalog (October 18, 1922 – March 5, 1989) was a Filipino actor and musician, famous for his works in the Kundiman style.
Spray is a synth-pop duo from Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England, consisting of siblings Jenny McLaren and Ricardo Autobahn.
Akbarabad-e Bala (Persian: اكبرابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Kannaal Pesavaa (English: Should I talk through my eyes) is a 2000 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Raj Khanna.
Lova Lova is the fourth studio album from the French power pop group Superbus.
Marcus G. Curry (born June 1, 1961), known professionally as Mark Curry, is an American actor, comedian, and host.
Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings are an English blues-rock band founded and led by former Rolling Stones bass guitarist Bill Wyman.
The Columbus Rage were a professional hockey team based in Columbus, Indiana.
American Pearl is the eponymous, sole studio album by the Los Angeles hard rock band of the same name.
Adventures of Joselito and Tom Thumb (Spanish: Aventuras de Joselito y Pulgarcito) is a 1960 Mexican-Spanish musical film directed by René Cardona and starring Joselito, Cesáreo Quezadas and Enrique Rambal.
Honoré Blanc (1736–1801) was a French gunsmith and a pioneer of the use of interchangeable parts.
No Way Back is a 1949 British crime film directed by Stefan Osiecki and starring Terence De Marney, Eleanor Summerfield and Jack Raine.
Mullah Abdul Razzaq, a Durrani Pashtun from Kandahar, Afghanistan, was former minister of the interior for the Taliban, and the governor of Herat.
Bamber's Green is a hamlet in Essex, England.
Marie-Noémi Cadiot (; 12 December 1828 or 1832, Paris – 10 April 1888, Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat) was a French sculptor and writer of the 19th century.
Sounds! (subtitled The Sensitive Guitar and Exciting Percussion of Jack Marshall and Shelly Manne) is an album by drummer Shelly Manne and guitarist Jack Marshall released in early 1966 on the Capitol label.
REDIRECT Bolu Abant Izzet Baysal University.
Agnes Sligh Turnbull (October 14, 1888, New Alexandria, Pennsylvania – January 31, 1982, Livingston, New Jersey) was a bestselling American writer, most noted for her works of historical fiction based in her native Western Pennsylvania.
Mohamed Ag Najem (alias Ag Mohamed Najem, alternatively spelled Mahamed Ag Najim) is the chief of staff of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad (MNLA) army.
No Marriage Ties is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by J. Walter Ruben and written by Arthur Caesar, H.
The Love Bug is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.
Przyłom is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Information Technology functional constituency () is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.
Ilona is a 1921 German silent film directed by Robert Dinesen and starring Lya De Putti, Arnold Korff and Artúr Somlay.
El Bour is a village in the commune of N'Goussa, in N'Goussa District, Ouargla Province, Algeria.
Ibán Pérez (born November 13, 1983 in Barcelona) is a volleyball player from Spain men's national volleyball team.
Bruna Ferraz (born 5 September 1981) is a Brazilian adult model, pornographic actress and TV-personality.
David Eldridge (born 20 September 1973) is a British dramatist and screenwriter, born in Romford, Greater London, United Kingdom.
Rosendal Castle (Swedish: Rosendals slott) is a castle in Helsingborg Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.
Bryson was born and raised in Des Moines, Iowa, the son of Bill Bryson Sr., a sports journalist who worked for fifty years at the Des Moines Register, and Agnes Mary (née McGuire), the home furnishings editor at the same newspaper.
Ria Vandervis (born 5 July 1984) is a New Zealand actress.
Björn Gunnlaugsson (25 September 1788 – 17 March 1876) Benedikz, p. & nbsp;568ff. was an Icelandic mathematician and cartographer.
Coşkun Aral (born May 1, 1956) is a Turkish war correspondent, photo journalist, television journalist and documentary film producer.
John Gerard Flynn (born 21 May 1953) is a former Australian politician. John Flynn was born in Brisbane, the son of John Joseph Flynn, a postman, and Kathleen Josephine, née De Hayr.
Lefteris Dimakopoulos is a Greek film released in 1993, directed by Periklis Hoursoglou.
Glee: The Music Presents the Warblers is the seventh soundtrack album by the cast of Glee, a musical comedy-drama television series that airs on Fox in the United States.
Helidon Xhixha is a contemporary artist born in Durrës, Albania, in December 1970.
Joseph Sheard (11 October 1813 – 30 August 1883) was an English architect and politician. Born in Hornsea, near Hull, Yorkshire, England, his father died when he was only six weeks old, leaving four young children to be raised by his mother.
Khabarah is a village in eastern Yemen.
Shangton is a parish and small village near Tur Langton in Leicestershire, England, and part of Harborough district.
A'Becketts Creek is a perennial stream and a northern tributary of the Duck River and part of the Parramatta River catchment, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Panienka [paˈɲenka] (German: Klarahof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Trebitz is a village and a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
"""Bad Love"" is a rock song recorded by the British rock musician Eric Clapton, who co-wrote it with Foreigner's lead guitarist Mick Jones."
Martin Peerson (or Pearson, Pierson, Peereson) (between 1571 and 1573 – December 1650 or January 1651 and buried 16 January 1651) was an English composer, organist and virginalist.
The World's Greatest Lover is a 1977 American comedy film directed, written by and starring Gene Wilder, and co-starring Carol Kane.
Cando Municipal Airport is a public airport located one mile (1.6 & nbsp;km) west of the central business district of Cando, North Dakota, in Towner County, North Dakota, United States.
"Masqualero (1983–1991) was a Norwegian jazz band, originally named ""The Arild Andersen/Jon Christensen Quintet"", but soon changed its name to Masqualero."
KCOP-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 13, is a MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated television station licensed to Los Angeles, California, United States, serving as the programming service's West Coast flagship outlet.
Mahua (Vidhan Sabha Constituency) (Hindi: महुआ विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is an assembly constituency in Vaishali District, Bihar, India.
Ahmed Mumin Warfa (, ) is a Somali scientist specializing in botany, who with his colleague Mats Thulin discovered Cyclamen somalense, the newest species to be described.
Home with Kids (; pinyin: Jiā yǒu érnǚ, literally Home with Sons and Daughters), is a sitcom/drama from Mainland China.
Yao Wenyuan (January 12, 1931 – December 23, 2005) was a Chinese literary critic, a politician, and a member of the Gang of Four during China's Cultural Revolution.
The Peasant Dance is an oil-on-panel by the Netherlandish Renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder, painted in c.1569.
Giorgi Chelebadze (; born 1 January 1992) is a Georgian professional football player, currently playing for Shukura Kobuleti .
Free Love is a 1930 Pre-Code, talking film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures, directed by Hobart Henley and starring Conrad Nagel.
Lost in the 80s is the first studio album by Canadian gypsy jazz band The Lost Fingers, released in Quebec on 6 May 2008 Lost in the 80s at Distribution Select and in the remainder of Canada on 27 January 2009.
René Bérenger, born in Bourg-lès-Valence (Drôme) on 22 April 1830 and died Alincourt (Ardennes) on 29 August 1915, was a French lawyer, judge, and politician.
Interstellar Low Ways is an album recorded by the American jazz musician Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra, mostly recorded in Chicago, 1960, and probably released in 1966 on his own Saturn label.
The Daily Independent is a daily newspaper serving Ridgecrest, California, United States.
Panday Kids (transl. Blacksmith Kids) is a 2010 Philippine television drama fantasy series broadcast by GMA Network.
San Benito High School is a public high school located in the city of San Benito, Texas (USA) and classified as a 6A school by the UIL.
Habbanatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Nell Zink (born 1964 ) is an American novelist.
The Kiss of Judas () is a 1988 Italian religious drama film written, directed and produced by Paolo Benvenuti, at his feature film debut.
Jabučevo is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 22 people.
Joseph Rockwell Swan (October 21, 1878 – November 1965) was an American investment banker, football player and coach.
Valerio Evangelisti (born June 20, 1952) is an Italian writer of science fiction, fantasy, historical novels and horror.
Serpent Mage is a fantasy novel by American writers Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman, the fourth book in The Death Gate Cycle series.
The Miracle of Love is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by Adrian Johnson based upon the novel of the same name by Cosmo Hamilton.
Ryan's Gig Guide is an independent incisive band friendly gig guide and music magazine based in The Black Country, England and distributed throughout the West Midlands United Kingdom.
Theodore Lorch (September 29, 1873 – November 12, 1947) was an American film actor. Born in Springfield, Illinois, in 1873, Lorch is notable for his commanding performances in several Three Stooges comedies.
10 Hours of Walking in NYC as a Woman is a video created for Hollaback! by Rob Bliss Creative and featuring 24-year-old actress Shoshana Roberts, and released on October 27, 2014.
Jatto Ceesay (born 16 November 1974 in Banjul) is a former Gambian football striker.
Al McKay (born February 2, 1948, in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American guitarist, songwriter and producer.
Dominic Tomasi (February 11, 1928 - December 1, 1986) was an American football player who played guard for the University of Michigan Wolverines.
Ritešić (Cyrillic: Ритешић) is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Walter Bianchi (born 7 November 1963 in Aarau, Switzerland) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defender, usually as a left-back, although he was also capable of playing on the right.
Alexander Minto Hughes (2 May 1945 – 13 March 1998), better known as Judge Dread, was an English reggae and ska musician.
"""Breakdown"" is a song by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche. It was released as a single in support of their 1999 album Q2K."
Samuël Adebiyi, better known by his stage name Féfé (formerly Féniksi), is a French singer and rapper originating from Nigeria.
Man in the Moon is a 1960 comedy film directed by Basil Dearden.
Shotgun Reality' is the debut album from female fronted industrial metal act, Lahannya.
Max Vision is a multilingual regional Indian cable television station based in Chennai, India.
Uth Records (or Ufone Uth Records) is a 2011 Pakistani music television reality show presented by the Ufone.
Nykyrka is a locality situated in Motala Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 414 inhabitants in 2010.
Spangenberg is a small town in northeastern Hesse, Germany.
Aska Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 21 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Odisha state in eastern India.
Livin' the Luxury Brown is the fifth studio album by American R & B group Mint Condition.
Chikkoppa K.M. is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Hamdi Al Masri (, born 7 April 1983) is a Syrian footballer who plays as a defender and defensive midfielder for Nawair SC which competes in the Syrian Premier League and is a member of the Syria national football team.
Nagasaki Institute of Applied Science (長崎総合科学大学, Nagasaki Sōgō Kagaku Daigaku) is a private Japanese university located in the city of Nagasaki, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.
Taquara is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Figueruela de Arriba is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.
The Park City Formation is a geologic formation in Montana and Utah.
Krerowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Hermershausen church Hermershausen is a Stadtteil of Marburg in Hesse.
6 Voltios is a Peruvian punk rock band formed in 1998 that currently consists of Alexis Korfiatis, Marcel Caillaux and Mauritius Llona.
Chris Eaton (born 1971 in Moncton, New Brunswick) is the founder and lead vocalist of Toronto-based indie rock band Rock Plaza Central, as well as a novelist.
Stuart Browning is a political commentator, writer, film director, film producer and entrepreneur.
KBKB (1360 AM) is a radio station serving the communities of Fort Madison, Burlington, and Keokuk, Iowa.
Artur Szpilka ([ˈartur ˈʂpilka]; born 12 April 1989) is a Polish professional boxer.
Mazera is an adventure game created by Cold River Studios and published by Astraware for Palm OS and Pocket PC.
""" Can U Believe "" is the third single from Robin Thicke's second studio album The Evolution of Robin Thicke."
Załogi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
János Farkas (27 March 1942 in Budapest – 29 September 1989 in Budapest) was a Hungarian footballer.
The Blaa Mountain Formation is a geologic formation in Nunavut.
Bondax is an electronic music duo consisting of English musicians Adam Kaye (born 1 April 1994) and George Townsend (born 17 September 1993).
The Yellow Melodies is an indie pop band from Murcia, in Spain.
Saber, Querer, Osar y Callar (Spanish for To Know, Want, Dare, and To Be Silent) is the twenty-first studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López as a solo artist.
The Best of the Original Dubliners is an album by Irish band The Dubliners which charted at No. This three CD compilation contains Irish folk songs recorded by Ronnie Drew, Luke Kelly, Barney McKenna, Ciarán Bourke, and John Sheahan between 1967 and 1972.
Harkerode is a village and a former municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Friends with Boys is a 2012 graphic novel and webcomic by Faith Erin Hicks.
Charles Hammond (31 August 1868 – 25 September 1955) was an Australian cricketer. He played two first-class matches for Tasmania between 1898 and 1900.
Matthew Mitchell is an American artist whose work has appeared in role-playing games.
Action! is an album by Jamaican rocksteady and ska group Desmond Dekker & the Aces that they released in 1968.
Beating the Game is a 1921 American short Western film directed by Lee Kohlmar and featuring Hoot Gibson.
Đuro Ostojić (Cyrillic: Ђуро Остојић; born 17 February 1976) is a Montenegrin retired professional basketball executive and former player who is a general manager for Studentski centar.
Good Burger is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and written by Dan Schneider, Kevin Kopelow and Heath Seifert.
Marvin Cheung Kin-tung, GBS OBE JP (, 20 November 1947 – 13 September 2014) was a Non-official Member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong.
Eureka College is a private liberal arts college in Eureka, Illinois, also related by covenant to the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).
Main Bhi Ladki Hoon (lit. Directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar, the film stars Dharmendra and Meena Kumari.
Midas was an English indie band based in Stourbridge and Birmingham, England. The band consisted of Kris Lloyd (vocals/guitar), Rich Lloyd (synth/vocoder), Jake Mason (bass guitar/vocals), Dave Mason (drums) and Lee Scott (guitar).
Melvern Rivers Rutherford II (born June 17, 1967) is an American country music songwriter.
Ugetsu: Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers at Birdland is a live jazz album by Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers released on Riverside Records in October 1963.
Bad Guys (Korean: 나쁜 녀석들; RR: Nappeun Nyeoseokdeul) is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Kim Sang-joong, Park Hae-jin, Ma Dong-seok, Jo Dong-hyuk and Kang Ye-won.
Hollywood, Interrupted: Insanity Chic in Babylon - The Case Against Celebrity is a book and website authored by Mark Ebner, with co-author Andrew Breitbart.
The Twelve Months () is a 1973 Soviet Lenfilm fantasy film directed by Anatoliy Granik based on the play by Samuil Marshak adapted from the fairy tale with the same name.
Jizmak Da Gusha is the drummer for the heavy metal band Gwar.
Nancy Sullivan (born October 17, 1969) is an American comedy actress, television presenter, and screenwriter.
Resurrection High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Pascagoula, Mississippi.
Back from the Grave, Volume 10, released on LP in 2015, is the tenth and to this date latest installment in the Back from the Grave series of garage rock compilations.
Horse Soldier! Horse Soldier! is the fifth studio album by Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans.
Alexander Victorovich Fedorov (Russian: Александр Викторович Фёдоров; born November 4, 1954) is a Russian scientist, teacher, media education specialist, film critic.
The Classic () is a 2001 Finnish comedy film directed by Kari Väänänen.
Adson Alves da Silva or simply Tinho (born 24 November 1982 in Juazeiro), is a Brazilian striker.
Sioux City Sue is a 1946 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and written by Olive Cooper.
WKDG (1540 AM) was a radio station licensed to serve Sumiton, Alabama, United States.
Fine China is an American indie rock band from Phoenix, Arizona, comprising Rob Withem (vocals, guitar), Greg Markov (bass guitar) and Thom Walsh (drums).
"""I Love It"" is a song by Australian hip hop band, Hilltop Hoods, featuring Sia. The single was released on 25 November 2011 and its radio debut occurred on 21 November 2011 on Australian youth radio station, Triple J."
Takumi Hayama (羽山 拓巳, Hayama Takumi, born May 20, 1978) is a former Japanese football player. Hayama was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on May 20, 1978.
Pas Tuk (Persian: پستوك‎, also Romanized as Pas Tūk) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Isabelle Valdéz Santana (born August 10, 1981), better known as Isabelle, is a Dominican singer of Christian music.
Gaspard-Félix Tournachon (6 April 1820 – 20 March 1910), known by the mononymous pseudonym Nadar, was a French photographer, caricaturist, journalist, novelist, balloonist, and proponent of manned flight.
The 1986 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha, the fourteenth volume in a series of nineteen.
Ashbourne College is an independent school and sixth form located in Kensington, London, England.
Ano Syros (Greek: Άνω Σύρος, “Upper Syros”) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Syros, in the Cyclades, Greece.
"Hakan Peker (born February 5, 1961) is a Turkish dancer, songwriter, singer, and music composer. ""."
Pawłowo Żońskie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
{{Infobox comics team and title |name = Guardians of the Galaxy |image = GuardiansoftheGalaxy.jpg |imagesize = |caption=Promotional image for Guardians of the Galaxy (vol.
David L. Lindsey is an American novelist, working primarily in the mystery and crime fiction genres.
John William Gerard de Brahm (1718 c. 1799) was a German cartographer, engineer and mystic.
From Paris with Love is a 2010 American-French action film starring John Travolta and Jonathan Rhys Meyers and directed by Pierre Morel.
Cultural Amnesia (CA) are an English post-punk music group, first active between 1979 and 1983 as participants in the so-called cassette culture of the late 1970s and early 1980s in the UK.
Ray Oliver Dreher (born February 14, 1967), known as Rod Dreher, https://www.gracetyler.org/blog/2018/10/22/a-conversation-with-rod-dreher/ is an American writer and editor.
Neer Bikram Shah, also known as Nir Shah, is a Nepalese movie actor, a poet, lyricist, movie director, and businessman. Neer Shah is the producer or co-producer of many Nepali movies.
Ahmed I (Ottoman Turkish: احمد اول‎ Aḥmed-i evvel; Turkish: I. Ahmed; April 1590 – 22 November 1617) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1603 until his death in 1617.
Upon returning from Korea, he married his neighbour, Yae Kimura (1904–1978). Since his wife's family lacked a male heir, he changed his name to Jiroemon Kimura, becoming the ninth member of the family to bear that name.
I Give You My Word is the fifth studio album by American rapper San Quinn.
Altars of Madness is the debut studio album of Florida-based death metal band Morbid Angel.
Former logo, used until October 2019 Pandora A/S (often styled PANDORA) is an international Danish jewellery manufacturer and retailer founded in 1982 by Per Enevoldsen.
Poshtkuh Rural District (Persian: دهستان پشتكوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
Västra Sorgenfri is a neighbourhood of Malmö, situated in the Borough of Södra Innerstaden, Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.
Majestic was one of the first alternate reality games (ARGs), a type of game that blurs the line between in-game and out-of-game experiences.
XHSAV-FM is a radio station on 92.7 FM in San Andrés Tuxtla, Veracruz, known as La Primerísima.
Poor Butterfly () is a 1986 Argentine drama film directed by Raúl de la Torre.
Navalgatti is a village in Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.
SSQ (formerly Q) is a synthpop outfit consisting of Stacey Swain, Jon St. James, and past members include Dan Van Patten and John Van Tongeren, Rich West, Karl Moët and Skip Hahn.
Allright on the Night is the fourth album by the British hard rock band Tucky Buzzard.
WSFW (1110 kHz) is an AM radio station broadcasting a Christian talk and teaching radio format. Licensed to Seneca Falls, New York, United States, the station is currently an owned-and-operated station of CSN International.
Marlon Williams is the debut self-titled studio album by New Zealand musician Marlon Williams.
Mark van Platen (born 1955) is a Dutch composer, conductor, organist and pianist.
The Münder Marl Formation is a geologic formation in Germany.
The Decemberists are an American indie rock band from Portland, Oregon. The band consists of Colin Meloy (lead vocals, guitar, principal songwriter), Chris Funk (guitar, multi-instrumentalist), Jenny Conlee (piano, keyboards), Nate Query (bass), and John Moen (drums).
Arroz Con Habichuela (Rice With Bean) is the title of the 2006 studio album by El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico.
Michal Viewegh (born 31 March 1962 in Prague) is a contemporary Czech writer.
Oru Kudumba Chithram is a 2012 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Ramesh Thampi and produced by Kanakam Subair, Manu Sreekandapuram and Ramesh Kumar.
Upon the death of her husband Senator Quentin N. Burdick in September 1992, Jocelyn Burdick was appointed by Governor George Sinner to fill the vacancy in his position until a special election was held.
Chiawana High School is a four-year public secondary school in Pasco, Washington, the second traditional high school of Pasco School District #1.
KSPI-FM is a radio station airing a Hot AC format licensed to Stillwater, Oklahoma, broadcasting on 93.7 MHz FM.
Barb Bellini (born ) is a Canadian retired female volleyball player, who played as a wing spiker. She was part of the Canada women's national volleyball team at the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship in Germany.
The Brazos River Authority or BRA was created in 1929 by the Texas Legislature as a quasi-governmental entity to manage the Brazos River as a water resource in Texas.
The Treasure of the Silver Lake (German: Der Schatz im Silbersee) is a 1962 German western film directed by Harald Reinl.
He was born in Tampa, Florida, National Football League, Historical Players, Lee McGriff. Retrieved July 18, 2014. and attended Henry B. Plant High School in Tampa.
"""Many Happy Hangovers to You"" is a single written by Johnny MacRae and originally recorded by American country music artist Jean Shepard."
Devastation is a first-person shooter video game by American developer Digitalo Studios, released in 2003.
KDRP-LP (103.1 FM) Sun Radio, is a radio station licensed to Dripping Springs, Texas, United States.
La morte risale a ieri sera is a 1970 crime film directed by Duccio Tessari.
Rommersheim is a Stadtteil (quarter) of the town Wörrstadt in Rheinhessen in the German state Rheinland-Pfalz.
Independent University of Business and Public Administration in Warsaw, abbreviated in Polish PWSBiA, is a private university in Poland. Founder of the university, Tadeusz Kozluk is the rector.
Serhiy Yavorskyi (Ukrainian: Сергій Олександрович Яворський; born 5 July 1989), is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Mariupol. Yavorskyi was born in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR.
The Little Room (French: La petite chambre) is a 2010 Swiss drama film directed by Stéphanie Chuat and Véronique Reymond.
Ossi Oswalda (born Oswalda Amalie Anna Stäglich, 2 February 1897 – 7 March 1947) was a German actress, who mostly appeared in silent films.
Change is a song by English post-punk band Killing Joke that appeared on the US release of their 1980 self-titled debut album.
Jeżów Sudecki () is a village in Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Time Waits for No Slave is the thirteenth studio album by the British band Napalm Death.
Chlebczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Lake Humuhumu is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
Mervyn Horton was born and grew up in Sydney, attending Newington College (1930–1935) and the University of Sydney where he studied medicine but after a year changed to law before dropping out.
Dongfeng District (simplified Chinese: 东风区; traditional Chinese: 東風區; pinyin: Dōngfēng Qū; lit. : 'east wind') is a district of the city of Jiamusi, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.
Returning to the 'A' (, A-ǵa oralý; ) is a 2011 Kazakhstani drama film directed by Egor Konchalovsky.
RoboSport is a 1991 turn-based tactics computer game.
Risch is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland. It is also promoted as Risch-Rotkreuz.
Kyaa Kahein is a Hindi language supernatural drama series aired on Zoom channel.
The Chagrin Shale is a shale geologic formation in the eastern United States that is approximately 365 million years old.
"The Day's Parade is a five-song EP by American band The Badlees, released on their independent label, Rite-Off Records, in July 1998 when they in ""corporate limbo"" due to the sale of Polygram to Seagram's corporation earlier in 1998."
Una Vivienne Cassie Cooper MNZM (née Dellow, born 29 September 1926) is a New Zealand planktologist and botanist.
MK Balaji is an Indian playback singer, song writer and a television host from Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Ghost Notes is the fifth full-length studio album by American rock band Veruca Salt, released on July 10, 2015, through El Camino Records.
We Sing Loud Sing Soft Tonight is the first full-length album by post-rock band Sonna.
Serenading Louie is a 1976 play by Lanford Wilson.
The Island Packet is a daily morning broadsheet newspaper owned by The McClatchy Company serving primarily the residents of southern Beaufort County, South Carolina, United States, particularly the towns of Hilton Head Island and Bluffton.
On 6 February 1990, Lydiard was the 17th appointee to the Order of New Zealand, New Zealand's highest civil honour. Arthur Lydiard died 11 December 2004 of a suspected heart attack, in Texas, while on a lecture tour.
The Maestranza Central de Aviación Triciclo-Experimental (also designated XX-01 ) was a prototype Chilean light aircraft of the 1940s.
Vršce is a village and municipality in Jičín District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Carlos Hasselbaink (born December 13, 1968 in Paramaribo, Suriname) is a former Dutch football (soccer) player.
 Geoffrey Cowan is an American lawyer, professor, author, and non-profit executive.
Gerard Quintana Rodeja (; born 27 November 1964 in Girona, Catalonia) is a Catalan singer, songwriter, poet, writer, actor, and radio and TV personality.
Shihad are a rock band from New Zealand, formed in 1988. The band consists of Jon Toogood (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Phil Knight (lead guitar, synthesiser, backing vocals), Karl Kippenberger (bass guitar, backing vocals), and Tom Larkin (drums, backing vocals, samplers).
Carole Fréchette (born 1949 in Montreal, Quebec) is an award-winning Canadian playwright.
Fatal Instinct is a 2014 American thriller film, written, directed and produced by Luciano Saber, starring Ivan Sergei, Masiela Lusha, Richard Burgi, Drew Fuller, Krista Allen, Peter Dobson, and Anne Winters.
Michael Jones (born April 5, 1980), better known by his stage name Wax, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, musician, producer, and comedian.
Gilbert Christian Schools is a chain of private Christian schools in Gilbert, Arizona, United States.
Ana-Maria Berdilă (born ) is a Romanian female volleyball player.
Midnight Memories is the third studio album by English-Irish boy band One Direction, released on 25 November 2013 by Columbia Records, Syco Music and Sony Music.
"WNKI (106.1 FM, ""Wink 106"") is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format. Licensed to Corning, New York, United States, the station serves the Elmira-Corning area, and is the Arbitron #1 rated station in the market."
Leslie Pope (June 2, 1954 – May 6, 2020) was a set decorator who was nominated at the 76th Academy Awards for her work on the 2003 film Seabiscuit in the category of Best Art Direction.
Kantu Kantu Habanji Siachingili(born 5 April 1990 ), known professionally as Kantu, which is also written as Kan 2, is a Zambian singer and songwriter, and an ambassador to the Triple V Campaign.
KIMEP University (formerly: the Kazakhstan Institute of Management, Economics and Strategic Research) is an institution of higher education in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
Cucumbertown is a food blogging platform. Based out of Palo Alto, California, it was founded by Cherian Thomas, Chris Luscher, Arun Prabhakar and Dan Hauk.
Reşide Bayar (1886, Bursa - 24 December 1962, Ankara) was the 3rd First Lady of Turkey. She was the wife of Celal Bayar, the 3rd President of Turkey, until her death on 24 December 1962.
Boubacar Sylla (born 17 April 1991) is a Malian football defender. Sylla started his career in his home city of Bamako with Stade Malien during the 2008–09 season.
The Wurtz reaction, named after Charles Adolphe Wurtz, is a coupling reaction in organic chemistry, organometallic chemistry and recently inorganic main group polymers, whereby two alkyl halides are reacted with sodium metal in dry ether solution to form a higher alkane.
:For other people named Eugene Glazer, see Gene Glazer (disambiguation). Glazer was born in New York City, lived in Flushing, Queens, New York, and is Jewish.
Petru Godiac (born 1 October 1967, Talmaza) is an activist from Moldova. He was decorated, by a presidential decree, with Moldova's highest state decoration – the Order of the Republic.
Villastrada is a frazione of the comune of Castiglione del Lago in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.
José Leandro Montalvo Guenard (1885 & ndash; 1950) was a Puerto Rican physician, inventor, anthropologist and historian.
In the wild, groundhogs can live up to six years with two or three being average.
Captain Rugged is the sixth studio album by Nigerian musician Keziah Jones.
KIOM-LP (98.9 FM) is a low-power FM radio station licensed to Kaunakakai, Hawaii, United States.
"The band was founded in 2002 by Tom Carlyon, Hugo Cran and Conrad Standish after the end of their former band Luxedo. Originally called ""The Devastations"" to mimic the style of bands such as The Temptations, ""The"" was later dropped."
Chvaleč (German: Qualisch) is a village and municipality in the Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Victoria Haralabidou (, born 23 October 1971), is a Greek actress. She was born in Saint Petersburg, USSR.
""" Over "" is a song by Canadian recording artist Drake, the lead single from his debut album, Thank Me Later."
Aysel Taş (born 21 October 1964), née Aysel Shevkedova (), is a female javelin thrower from Bulgaria with Turkish ethnicity, who competed for Turkey after her emigration.
The Daughter is a 2015 Australian drama film written and directed by Simon Stone, starring an ensemble cast led by Geoffrey Rush.
Digital at Montreux is a 1979 live album by Oscar Peterson, accompanied by Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen, recorded at the 1979 Montreux Jazz Festival.
The Woman Inside is a 1981 (but shot in 1978) drama film made by 20th Century Fox, and directed by Joseph Van Winkle who co-wrote screenplay with Steve Fisher (uncredited).
The Pinnacle School is a private, co-educational special education day school for students in grades 2 -12 located in Stamford, Connecticut.
The Crush Tour is a third concert video by American band Bon Jovi from the European leg of their Crush Tour.
June Knox-Mawer, née Ellis (10 May 1930 in Wrexham, Wales – 19 April 2006) was a British writer of non-fiction books and romance novels and a radio broadcaster.
Paoli Junior-Senior High School is a public high school located in Paoli, Indiana.
WBZ-FM (98.5 FM) – branded 98.5 The Sports Hub – is a commercial sports radio station licensed to Boston, Massachusetts, serving Greater Boston and much of surrounding New England.
Interesting Times is a fantasy novel by British writer Terry Pratchett, the seventeenth book in the Discworld series, set in the Aurient (a fictional analogue of the Orient).
Kimberley Kates (born August 15, 1969) is an American actress and film producer.
Joel Silbersher is a musician from Melbourne, Australia, who was the singer and guitar player for rock and roll band, GOD (1986–1989).
KROR (101.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic rock format. Licensed to Hastings, Nebraska, United States, the station serves the Grand Island-Kearney area.
KNUW is a radio station airing an Adult hits format licensed to Santa Clara, New Mexico, broadcasting on 95.1 MHz FM.
Sissin is a village in the Zimtenga Department of Bam Province in northern-central Burkina Faso. It has a population of 195.
The Cornell Lunatic is a college humor magazine at Cornell University founded on April 1, 1978, by Joey Green.
Petar Franjić (born 21 August 1991) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a midfielder.
The People in the Picture is a musical with book and lyrics by Iris Rainer Dart and music by Mike Stoller and Artie Butler.
"The Knux are an American alternative hip hop duo, formed in 2003, composed of brothers Kentrell ""Krispy"" Lindsey (formerly known as Krispy Kream) and Alvin ""Joey"" Lindsey (formerly known as Rah Al Millio)."
Lo mejor que me pasó en la vida (English: The best thing that happened to me in life), is the first studio album by singer-songwriter Alex Sirvent.
La Cultural ficha a Martín Mantovani (Cultural signs Martín Mantovani); Diario de León, 10 August 2010 He subsequently represented CD Atlético Baleares El At.
Aconcagua is a 1964 color Argentine adventure drama film directed by Leo Fleider and written by Norberto Aroldi.
KBNL (branded as Radio Manantial) is a Christian Spanish Talk format FM radio station that serves the Laredo, Texas, United States and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico border area.
Rodolfo Casanova, also known as Baby Casanova or Chango Casanova (born June 21, 1915 in León, Guanajuato, deceased November 23, 1980), was a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division.
Classic Cameo is a compilation album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in Europe in 2003.
Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi (Sindhi:غلام مصطفا جتوئي) (Urdu: غلام مصطفى جتوئی‎) (14 August 1931 – 20 November 2009) was a Pakistani politician who served as the Prime Minister of Pakistan in an acting capacity for three months, from 6 August 1990 to 6 November 1990.
The Preview Murder Mystery is a 1936 American mystery-comedy, directed by Robert Florey and shot in the Paramount studio.
Live at Masters of Rock is an official live video album by the Canadian heavy metal band Annihilator, recorded at the Masters of Rock Festival 2008 in Vizovice, Czech Republic and released in 2009.
Carlos Frade (born October 11, 1974 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish basketball manager, who currently is assistant coach at ALBA Berlin of Basketball Bundesliga.
Raidel Acea Morales (born 21 October 1990) is a Cuban-born track and field athlete who competes for Portugal in the 400 metres and 800 metres events.
NIILM University is a private university in Kaithal in the state of Haryana, India.
Nabendu Ghosh (27 March 1917 – 15 December 2007) was an Indian author in Bengali literature, and screenwriter.
Ufuk University (Turkish: Ufuk Üniversitesi), located in Ankara, Turkey, was established by the Turkish Foundation of Traffic Accidents in 1999.
The 2012 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship Final, the deciding game of the 2012 Leinster Senior Hurling Championship, was a hurling match played on 8 July 2012 at Croke Park, Dublin.
Coordinates: 40°21′32″N 45°07′36″E﻿ / ﻿40.35889°N 45.12667°E﻿ / 40.35889; 45.12667 Gavar (Armenian: Գավառ), is a town and urban municipal community in Armenia serving as the administrative centre of Gegharkunik Province.
Jan Heylen (born 1 May 1980 in Geel) is a Belgian racing driver.
Malvina Cheek, A.R.C.A., (8 July 1915 – 22 May 2016) was a British artist, best known for her work during World War II for the Recording Britain project.
Dirgantara Air Service was an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Acidman (often stylized as ACIDMAN) is a Japanese rock group. The band was formed in 1997 with four members, Shiibashi Takeshi, Urayama Ichigo, Satou Masatoshi, and Ohki Nobuo.
Edward Hammond Johnson & id=OqZVAAAAYAAJ & dq=%22Edward+Hammond+Johnson%22+AND+University+of+%22Virginia%22 & q=%22Edward+Hammond+Johnson%22#search_anchor (April 19, 1883 – May 17, 1919) was an American football player and coach of football and baseball.
Mange Makers is a Swedish music group composed of Peter Balazs [sv] (stage name Bacall) as video & music producer 2011–2014, Max Christensson as dancer, Max Henriksson as beatbox and Didrik Rastbäck as vocals.
Make You Happy is a compilation album by Australian rock band Divinyls, which was released on October 21, 1997.
"""Je veux te voir"" is a song by French electropop group Yelle, released as the lead single from their debut album, Pop Up (2007)."
The Secret of the Forgotten City is the fifty-second volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1975 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.
"""West Coast Poplock"" is one of the most popular singles by Ronnie Hudson And The Street People and was released in 1982."
Severe Tropical Cyclone Wasa–Arthur was the first major tropical cyclone to affect French Polynesia and Tahiti since the 1982–83 season.
Agresphon (Gr. Ἀγρέσφων), or possibly Agreophon, was an ancient Greek grammarian mentioned in the Suda.
Borj-e Delbar () is a village in Khesht Rural District, Khesht District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 13 families.
The Great Defender is a 1934 British mystery film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Matheson Lang, Margaret Bannerman and Arthur Margetson.
Milk & Bone are a Canadian electropop duo based in Montreal, Quebec, consisting of Laurence Lafond-Beaulne and Camille Poliquin.
"""Tough Little Boys"" is a song written by Harley Allen and Don Sampson and recorded by American country music artist Gary Allan."
Zladovce is a village in the municipality of Trgovište, in southeastern Serbia.
Leonor Watling singing in the band Marlango is a Spanish music band deeply influenced by Tom Waits.
Leušići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 162 people.
Love Is Not a Sin (French: L'amour n'est pas un pêché) is a French comedy film from 1952, directed by Claude Cariven, written by Claude Cariven, starring Robert Dhéry and Louis de Funès.
Percy Faith (April 7, 1908 – February 9, 1976) was a Canadian bandleader, orchestrator, composer and conductor, known for his lush arrangements of pop and Christmas standards.
Beare Sound (variant: Beares Sound) is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.
Bitter Rice (Italian: Riso Amaro [ˈriːso aˈmaːro, ˈriːzo -]) is a 1949 Italian film made by Lux Film, written and directed by Giuseppe De Santis.
You Am I (Lithuanian: Aš esi tu) is a 2006 Lithuanian romance film directed by Kristijonas Vildžiūnas.
"""Little"" Benny Harris (April 23, 1919 in New York City – May 11, 1975 in San Francisco) was an American bebop trumpeter and composer."
The Golden Boat is a 1990 American low-budget film directed by Chilean filmmaker Raúl Ruiz.
Stadtlengsfeld is a town and a former municipality in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany.
Bogdaj [ˈbɔɡdai̯] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Zasonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Mahmoud Shoolizadeh (Persian: محمود شولیزاده‎) is a film director, film producer, screenwriter, a film judge at several international film festivals.
Alberto De Martino (12 June 1929 & ndash; 2 June 2015) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.
Stavešinci () is a small village in the Ščavnica Valley in the Municipality of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.
Frank Patrick O'Connor (April 9, 1885 & ndash; August 21, 1939) was a Canadian politician, businessman and philanthropist.
Fonzerelli is a DJ and music producer from the UK.
:For the village in Iran, see: Hadiabad, Lorestan. Hadiabad is a historic sub-town in the city of Phagwara in Punjab (India), about west of Phagwara sub-town.
Rüdiger Heinze (born December 14, 1971 in Riesa, Germany) is a film producer and Screenplay writer.
Elorrio is a town and a municipality located in the eastern part of the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, in northern Spain.
Sardudam Run (, also Romanized as Sardūdam Rūn) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Berrouaghia is a town and commune in Médéa Province, Algeria.
Randy Terrill (born September 29, 1969) is an American politician.
Asaoka High School Baseball Club Diary: Over Fence (Japanese: ―浅丘高校野球部日誌― オーバーフェンス, Hepburn: Asaoka Kōkō Yakyūbu Nisshi: Ōbā Fensu) is a baseball themed manga by Mitsuru Adachi which was published in the No.
"""Ready or Not"" is the debut solo single by American recording artist Bridgit Mendler, and is the lead single from her debut studio album, Hello My Name Is... (2012), which garnered its name from a line in the song."
Tafa Air was a failed low-cost airline project based in Tirana, Albania, focusing on Albanians living abroad (mostly in Germany).
The Adoration of the Magi is a painting of 1633–34 by the Flemish Baroque artist Peter Paul Rubens, made as an altarpiece for a convent in Louvain.
The Brass Project is an album by English saxophonist John Surman with a brass section conducted by John Warren.
Twisted Colossus is a steel roller coaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain amusement park in Santa Clarita, California.
J.League Data Site He plays for Fujieda MYFC. Nobuyuki Kawashima joined to Tochigi Uva FC in 2014.
Pukchang Airport is an airport in Pyongan-namdo, North Korea. It serves as the military airfield for the nearby city of Sunchon.
A Time of Destiny is a 1988 American drama war film directed by Gregory Nava and written by Nava and Anna Thomas.
Western Pennsylvania School for Blind Children (WPSBC) is a private chartered school in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania committed to nurturing the unique abilities of individuals with blindness and visual impairment.
Marty Raybon (born December 8, 1959) is an American country music artist.
Witold Hatka (25 June 1939 – 13 November 2010) was a Polish politician who was a Member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland twice (2001–05, 2005–07).
Rainbow (stylized as RINBOW) is the fifth studio album by Japanese recording artist Ayumi Hamasaki, released on 18 December 2002 by Avex Trax.
De Laatste Passagier is a 1961 Dutch film directed by Jef van der Heyden.
Aspach-le-Bas () is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
WX Coronae Australis (WX CrA) is a star in the constellation Corona Australis.
"Gustavo ""Gus"" Arriola (July 17, 1917 – February 2, 2008) was a Mexican-American comic strip cartoonist and animator, primarily known for the comic strip Gordo, which ran from 1941 through 1985. Gus Arriola was born in Florence, Arizona, the youngest of nine children."
Reba Live is a live album by American country singer Reba McEntire released on August 30, 1989.
Florence Lake Dam is a concrete multiple-arch dam on the South Fork of the San Joaquin River, in Fresno County, California in the United States.
2016 The End is a 2017 apocalyptic Hindi comedy film directed by Jaideep Chopra that stars Harshad Chopda, Priya Banerjee, Divyendu Sharma and Kiku Sharda.
Twin Tigers is an American rock band from Athens, Georgia formed in 2007 by Matthew Rain and Aimee Morris.
Graham Fagen (born 1966) is a Scottish artist living and working in Glasgow, Scotland.
Talon of the Hawk is the fourth studio album by New Jersey rock band The Front Bottoms, released on May 21, 2013 on Bar/None.
Bennett Nāmākēhā-o-kalani (c. 1799–1860) was a Hawaiian high chief, uncle of Queen Emma of Hawaii, and first husband of Queen Kapiolani.
Alvan Fisher (August 9, 1792 – February 13, 1863) was one of the United States's pioneers in landscape painting and genre works.
"""Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)"" is a single from American R&B vocal group The Delfonics."
KOOQ (1410 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format to the North Platte, Nebraska, United States, area.
The Shuttered Room [a.k.a. Blood Island] is a 1967 British horror film directed by David Greene and starring Gig Young and Carol Lynley as a couple who move into a house with dark secrets.
The Immigration Department of Malaysia () is a department of the Federal Government of Malaysia which provides services to Malaysian Citizens, Permanent Residents and Foreign Visitors.
Shinji Nakano (中野 信治, born 1 April 1971) is a Japanese professional racing driver.
Patrick Ouart (born 25 May 1959 in Sallenelle, municipality of Pendé, France) is a former French magistrate, and former personal advisor for justice to Prime Minister Edouard Balladur.
Olam Tzafuf (Hebrew: עולם צפוף‎, Crowded World) is a 1983 album by Israeli rock band HaClique.
Peter Staples (born 15 October 1947 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian former politician for the Australian Labor Party.
Frank Lusk Babbott (August 14, 1854 & ndash; December 7, 1933) was an American jute merchant, art collector, patron, and philanthropist.
Bonnie Somerville (born February 24, 1974) is an American actress and singer.
James Robinson (March 6, 1852 – October 16, 1932) was a Canadian politician.
Édouard Carmignac (born 5 September 1947 in Paris) is a French investment banker and fund manager .
The Charlemagne Pursuit is Steve Berry's seventh novel, and is the fourth adventure for former U.S. Justice Department Operative turned Antiquarian book dealer, Cotton Malone.
"The Bible with Sources Revealed (2003) is a book by American biblical scholar Richard Elliott Friedman dealing with the process by which the five books of the Torah or Pentateuch (the "" Five Books of Moses "" ) came to be written."
Kashif Mehmood () is a Pakistani television actor known for his villainous roles in various television serials.
Wólka Szczawińska [ˈvulka ʂt͡ʂaˈviɲska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Hyun Woo (; born Kim Hyun-woo on January 18, 1985) is a South Korean actor.
Marko Arapović (born 20 July 1996) is a Croatian professional basketball player for Galatasaray of the Turkish Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL) and the EuroCup.
St. John High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in Gulfport, Mississippi.
The Bad Man is a 1920 three-act comedy by American playwright Porter Emerson Browne.
Deshun Deysel (born 9 April 1970) is a South African mountaineer and businesswoman who was part of the first South African expedition to Mount Everest in 1996.
Air France were a Swedish indie pop band formed in Gothenburg by Joel Karlsson and Henrik Markstedt.
Mihailo Radunović (, born 27 March 1996) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player, currently playing as a [Terme Olikia] in the Slovenian League.
Veronica spicata (spiked speedwell; syn. Pseudolysimachion spicatum) is a species of flowering plant in the family Plantaginaceae.
DJ Hero is a music video game, developed by FreeStyleGames and published by Activision as a rhythm game spin-off of the Guitar Hero franchise.
Garbage Pail Kids is a series of sticker trading cards produced by the Topps Company, originally released in 1985 and designed to parody the Cabbage Patch Kids dolls, which were popular at the time.
"Gettin' the Message is an album by jazz organist Johnny "" Hammond "" Smith recorded for the Prestige label in 1960."
WETM-TV, virtual channel 18 (UHF digital channel 23), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Elmira, New York, United States, serving the Western Twin Tiers of Southern Upstate New York and Northern Pennsylvania.
Indicator is the third and final studio album from Onward to Olympas.
Shirin Qui (, also Romanized as Shīrīn Qū'ī) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.
Oyster is an international fashion, beauty, music and pop-culture title established in Australia in 1994 by Monica Nakata and Jonathan Morris.
Özge Kavurmacıoğlu (born 7 March 1993 in İzmit, Turkey) is a Turkish female basketball player.
"Joel Prentiss Bishop (March 10, 1814 – November 4, 1901) was an American lawyer and legal treatise writer, referred to by more than one commentator as ""the foremost law writer of the age."
The Fox with Nine Tails () is a 1994 South Korean film. It was the first feature film by the director Park Heon-su.
Dennis Gehlen, (born March 7, 1986 in Krefeld, Germany) also known as TaKe, is a German professional StarCraft II commentator and works as a freelancer for Turtle Entertainment which hosts ESL-TV as well as the Electronic Sports League.
All Hell Broke Loose is a 1995 Israeli documentary that follows the victims of a Hamas suicide bombing in Israel a year after the attack.
"WRFE (89.3 FM, ""Joy FM"") is a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel music format. Licensed to Chesterfield, South Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Positive Alternative Radio, Inc. and features programming from Salem Radio Network."
Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo (Spanish: [ˈɡaɾθi roˈðɾiɣeθ ðe monˈtalβo]; c. 1450 – 1504) was a Castilian author who arranged the modern version of the chivalric romance Amadis of Gaul, written in three books in the 14th century by an unknown author.
Konvict Muzik is a record label founded by R&B singer Akon.
A Work in Progress is an American memoir written by YouTuber and entrepreneur Connor Franta.
Stoney End is a compilation album of folk rock music by Linda Ronstadt and The Stone Poneys.
Lorimer Dods was born on 7 March 1900 in Southport, Queensland, the son of architect Robin Dods and Mary Dods.
Business Television India (BTVI), formerly known as Bloomberg TV India, Bloomberg UTV and UTVi, was a 24-hour English news channel in the Business-Economy genre, run by Business Broadcast News Pvt.
The VCU Rams men's basketball team is the intercollegiate men's basketball team that represents Virginia Commonwealth University.
Preetika Rao (born 29 May 1992) is an Indian actress, model and former film journalist and singer.
Amal Murkus (Arabic: أمل مرقس‎, Hebrew: אמל מורקוס‎, born 11 July 1968) is an Arab-Israeli singer.
Hostage for a Day is a 1994 Canadian-American comedy film directed by John Candy, in his only directorial effort.
Doug Worgul (born September 13, 1953) is an American writer and editor based in Kansas City. Raised mostly in Lansing, Michigan, Worgul is the oldest of three siblings.
NCIS: Los Angeles is an American action television series combining elements of the military drama and police procedural genres, which premiered on CBS on September 22, 2009, and stars Chris O'Donnell and LL Cool J.
Kfir Edri (; born October 12, 1976) is an Israeli former footballer who now works as a chairman for Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv.
Rachel Saint (January 2, 1914 – November 11, 1994) was an evangelical Christian missionary from the United States who worked in Ecuador.
Christos Charalabous (Greek: Χρίστος Χαραλάμπους; born October 3, 1981 in Limassol) was a Cypriot football player.
Paul Curtman (born April 21, 1981) is a financial advisor, a former Marine and a Republican former member of the Missouri House of Representatives.
King Solomon International Business School is a Primary, Secondary and Sixth Form school located in Birmingham, England, on the old site of Waterlinks House; opening in 2015.
Raimondo Capizucchi (born as Camillo Biagio; 7 November 1616 – 20 April 1691) was a Roman nobleman, Dominican friar, appointed a cardinal by Pope Innocent XI.
Vasile Ghindaru (born 9 May 1978) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
The Last Sunset is a 1961 American Western film directed by Robert Aldrich and starring Rock Hudson, Kirk Douglas, and Dorothy Malone.
Orgas has a post office with ZIP code 25148. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Orgas, West Virginia ZIP Code Lookup Tracy D.
Everingen is a village and a former municipality in the Börde district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
U Thaung () is a Burmese politician who served as Minister for Science and Technology of Myanmar from 1 November 1998 to 30 March 2011.
Prince George Citizen building in 1916 The Prince George Citizen is a weekly newspaper located in Prince George, British Columbia, Canada.
Michele Rosewoman (born March 19, 1953) is an American jazz pianist living in New York City.
David Sun (; born 12 October 1951) is an American billionaire businessman, co-founder (with John Tu) and COO of Kingston Technology.
Lioness: Hidden Treasures is a posthumous compilation album by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse.
""" Chief "" Solomon Osagie Alonge (1911–1994) was a self-taught photographer and pioneer of Nigerian photography."
Greatest Hits: The Atlantic Years is a greatest hits album by American alternative metal band P.O.D..
Analea Keohokālole (1816–1869) was a Hawaiian chiefess and matriarch of the House of Kalākaua that ruled the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi from 1874 to 1893.
Osvaldo Ríos Alonso (born October 25, 1960 in Carolina, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican actor, model, singer, and guitarist, who is best known for his roles in telenovelas.
The Potable Water and Basic Sanitation Regulation Commission (CRA) is a regulatory agency of the Government of Colombia in charge of regulating the water supply and sanitation in Colombia, including the potable and public water distribution, sewage and waste management services.
{{Infobox writer | name = Kiran Meegada | birth_place = Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India | occupation = Film Director | nationality = Indian Kiran Meegada is an Indian film maker.
Sargis Lukashin (Armenian: Սարգիս Լուկաշին, born Srapionyan (Սրապիոնյան); 1883 or 1885 – 1937) was an Armenian Bolshevik politician.
Bediha Tunadağı (born August 20, 1985 in Gaziantep, Turkey) is a Turkish female weightlifter competing in the – 58 kg division.
Orea is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.
Darkness, My Old Friend is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger.
Thomas Baroukh (born 15 December 1987) is a French rower.
Dr. Joseph Schatzkés (26 August 1898 in Dvinsk, Russia – 28 April 1984), of France, was a philatelist who performed in-depth studies of French and Mexican postage stamps and postal history, and wrote extensively on the subject.
Jean-Louis Triaud (born 22 November 1949 in Bordeaux, France) is the current president of FC Girondins de Bordeaux.
Kuntur Wachana (Quechua for 'where the condor is born') is a Peruvian docudrama directed by Federico García Hurtado (born in Cusco, 1937).
"""Holiday"" is a song by English rapper Dizzee Rascal, released as the third single from his fourth studio album, Tongue n' Cheek."
Sri Shanmuga Hindu Ladies College (also known as Trincomalee Ladies College or Trinco Ladies College) is a national school in Trincomalee, Sri Lanka.
Phil Puleo is an American composer, drummer, illustrator and visual artist from New York. He is known as a founding member of the band Cop Shoot Cop and for his current involvement in the experimental rock group Swans.
MenaJet Lebanon s.a.l.
The Akha National Development Party (Burmese: အာခါအမျိုးသားဖွံ့ဖြိုးတိုးတက်ရေးပါတီ; ANDP) is a minor political party in Myanmar (Burma).
The Macquarie University Hospital (abbreviated MUH) is a private teaching hospital.
Richard Basden (born 20 June 1967, in Bermuda) is a former Bermudian cricketer.
Kenzo Nambu joined to J3 League club; Kataller Toyama in 2015.
The Red Tower in Halle (German: Der Rote Turm in Halle) is a 1915 oil on canvas painting by the German expressionist painter Ernst Ludwig Kirchner.
Center Grove High School is a high school located in Greenwood, Indiana.
Tod Highway is an important 177 kilometre highway serving South Australia's Eyre Peninsula's wheatbelt.
Leeds International School is one of the leading international schools in Sri Lanka with eight separate branches.
Jean Brunet (27 December 1822 – 23 October 1894) was a French Provençal poet. Brunet was born on 27 December 1822 in Avignon, in Provence, France.
Ephraim Avea Nsoh is a Ghanaian politician and was the Upper East Regional Minister of Ghana.
Spook the Horse is the debut album of indie rock group Spook the Horse released on December 20, 2005.
Minx is the fourth full-length album by the English punk band Leatherface.
Pierre-Jules Boulanger, often known simply as Pierre Boulanger (10 March 1885–12 November 1950), was a French engineer and businessman.
Jacobo Campos Piñeiro (born 15 March 1981 in Vigo, Galicia) is a Spanish former footballer who played mainly as a left midfielder. Celta Spain U17.
Kirk Wise (born August 24, 1963) is an American film director, animator and screenwriter best known for his work at Walt Disney Animation Studios.
Rick Roberson (July 7, 1947 - May 3, 2020) was an American professional basketball player who played in the NBA for the Los Angeles Lakers (1969–71), Cleveland Cavaliers (1971–73), Portland Trail Blazers (1973–74), New Orleans Jazz (1974–75) and Kansas City Kings (1975–76).
Carlos Mendy (1929-2002) is a Uruguayan-born stage, film and television actor. Soria p.179 He first moved to Argentina and then on to Spain where he enjoyed his greatest success.
Aivars Leimanis was a Latvian ballet dancer and is now the Artistic Director of Latvia’s National Ballet. His daughter is the ballet dancer, Elza Leimane.
Sama (English title: The Trace) is a 1988 Tunisian feature film directed by Néjia Ben Mabrouk.
Brentwood School is an independent, secular K-12 coed day school with two campuses located four blocks apart in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States.
Lark (sometimes stylised as LARK) are a South African glitch electronica band from Cape Town.
Earl W. Rusk (December 17, 1885 – June 22, 1968) was an American farmer and farm manager in the Mid-West and West. He was born in Illinois and died in Los Angeles County, California.
Tan See Han (born 1910, date of death unknown) was an Indonesian football forward who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Bruno Souza is a Brazilian Java programmer and open source software advocate.
Sir Shankar Balasubramanian (born 30 September 1966) is an Indian-born British chemist and Herchel Smith Professor [Accessed 8 April 2013].
Twarogi [tfaˈrɔɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Brad Izzard (born 6 May 1962 in Blacktown, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s.
Kushar District is a district of the Hajjah Governorate, Yemen.
Alturas Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County, Idaho, United States, in the Sawtooth Valley in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
Fairbanks Ranch Country Club is a private golf club located in Rancho Santa Fe, California.
Io sono il capataz is a 1950 Italian western-comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.
"The Purple Heart is a 1944 American black-and-white war film, produced by Darryl F. Zanuck, directed by Lewis Milestone, and starring Dana Andrews, Richard Conte, Don ""Red"" Barry, Sam Levene and Trudy Marshall."
Marianka Mroczeńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
J. Geeta Reddy is married to Dr. Ramachandra Reddy.
George Copeland Hawkins, III David Andrew Hawkins John Rutland Hawkins George Copeland Hawkins, Jr., usually known as George C. Hawkins (December 4, 1918 - August 9, 1991), was an Alabama lawyer and Democratic politician.
Björn Waldegård (12 November 1943 – 29 August 2014) was a Swedish rally driver, and the winner of the inaugural World Rally Championship for drivers in 1979.
Happy End is the third and final album by Japanese folk rock band Happy End.
Albhy Galuten (born December 27, 1947) is an American technology executive and futurist, Grammy Award-winning record producer, composer, musician, orchestrator and conductor.
The Alba Madonna is a c.1510 tondo (circular) painting by the Italian High Renaissance artist Raphael, depicting Mary, Jesus, and John the Baptist in a typical Italian countryside.
Shree Krishna Shrestha (April 19, 1967 – August 10, 2014) Interview with Shree Krishna Shrestha was a Nepalese film actor, producer and director known for his work in Nepali Cinema.
Kozinki [kɔˈʑinki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Raghav Juyal (born 10 July 1991) is an Indian dancer, choreographer, actor and television presenter.
Porzia de' Medici (1538–1565) was an Italian missionary and illegitimate daughter of Alessandro de' Medici, Duke of Florence and an unknown mother.
WRUV (90.1 FM) is a free format radio station. Licensed to Burlington, Vermont, United States, the station is owned by The University of Vermont.
Youves are an English dance-punk quintet from Nuneaton, England, formed in 2003. The band consists of lead vocalist Stephen Broadley, guitarists Michael King and Alex Wiezak, bassist Luke Neale and drummer Paul Wechter.
The Movement of Ecologists — Citizens' Cooperation (Greek: Κίνημα Οικολόγων — Συνεργασία Πολιτών), formerly known as the Ecological and Environmental Movement (Greek: Κίνημα Οικολόγων Περιβαλλοντιστών), is a green political party in Cyprus.
El Diario de Hoy is a morning newspaper in El Salvador.
Dario Baldi (born September 18, 1976) is an Italian film director, documentarian and writer.
Real Live 91 is the second live album by Scottish rock band Simple Minds, released in May 1998 by the band's own Mindmood label as a fanclub-only album given away with the first issue of Travelling Man magazine.
Alvise Zorzi (10 June 1922 – 14 May 2016) was an Italian journalist and writer from the city of Venice.
Ding Mocun (simplified Chinese: 丁默村; traditional Chinese: 丁默邨; pinyin: Dīng Mòcūn; Wade–Giles: Ting Mo-ts'un; Hepburn: Tei Mokuson; 1901 – July 5, 1947), also known as Ding Lesheng (Chinese: 丁勒生; pinyin: Dīng Lèshēng), was a politician in the early Republic of China.
The band then signed with Double Dragon Music, and recorded their debut album Dead Gone with producer Jack Endino.
"A participant exiting the Super Slime Slide A participant flips off of the Leap of Faith jump Superhero Scramble was a superhero themed obstacle race series that has several levels of races. ""."
"James ""Jim"" Wathigo Mburu, (born May 21, 1985), better known by his stage names Jimwat (stylized Jimw@t) and Jimweezy, is a Kenyan genge rapper."
Wutthisak Maneesook (, born 26 August 1986) is a professional footballer from Thailand.
Rochus Gliese (6 January 1891 — 22 December 1978) was a German actor, director, production designer, and Academy Award-nominated art director of early films from the 1910s and 1920s.
B. Jaya is a veteran actress of South Indian films, having acted for over four decades.
CinemaSins is a YouTube channel created by Jeremy Scott and Chris Atkinson.
Verkade is the name of a Dutch patrician family originating from Maasland.
Teen-Age Strangler is a 1964 crime drama film directed by Ben Parker.
Tomi Pallassalo (born 17 August 1989 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Jokerit in Finnish SM-liiga.
Arnold Durig (12 November 1872 & ndash; 18 October 1961) was an Austrian physiologist remembered for his investigations involving physiological and pathophysiological aspects of individuals exposed to high altitude conditions.
The 14707/14708 Ranakpur Express is an express train belonging to Indian Railways that runs between Bikaner and Mumbai in India.
Sally Scott (born 12 April 1991) is a British track and field athlete.
Ferenc Rados (born 26 October 1934, Budapest) is a Hungarian pianist and professor of piano and chamber music.
Thomas Davenport (9 July 1802 – 6 July 1851) was a Vermont blacksmith who constructed the first American DC electric motor in 1834.
Degu Debebe (Amharic: ደጉ ደበበ, born 19 March 1982) is an Ethiopian footballer.
The King of Limbs is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead.
A Good Day to Die Hard is a 2013 American action-thriller film and the fifth installment in the Die Hard film series. The film was directed by John Moore and written by Skip Woods, and stars Bruce Willis as John McClane.
Gail Huff is an American broadcast journalist.
Torrey Mosvold was director of the Norwegian Shipowners' Association (Norges Rederiforbund) as well as of several companies with which Mosvold Shipping Group was associated.
Mihai Constantinescu (Romanian pronunciation: [miˈhaj ˌkonstantiˈnesku]; born 20 August 1932) is a Romanian film director and screenwriter.
Jean-Baptiste Rey (18 December 1734 – 15 July 1810) was a French conductor and composer. Rey was born at Lauzerte.
""" State of Mind "" is a protest song by Scottish neo-progressive rock singer Fish, released as his first solo single about a year after his departure from Marillion and preceding the release of his first solo album Vigil in a Wilderness of Mirrors."
Saint-Cergue is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
The Barrientos Memorial (Spanish: Memorial José Barrientos) is an annual track and field meeting in Havana, Cuba each May.
Trishul (English: Trident) is a 1978 Indian revenge drama film, written by Salim-Javed, directed by Yash Chopra, and produced by Gulshan Rai.
Eschenburg is a community in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis in Hesse, Germany.
Tommys is a dansband from Vaasa, Discogs established in 1980.
Tarzan's Secret Treasure is a 1941 Tarzan film directed by Richard Thorpe.
Chai Town is an all-male South Asian a cappella group based at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Derek Decamps aka Derek (born 2 May 1985) is a French footballer who plays as a centre-back in the Norwegian Tippeligaen for Sandnes Ulf. Born in Paris, France, Decamps began playing football with AS Cannes, and moved to Greece to play for Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
Dinesh Kumar (born 25 August 1988) is an Indian amateur boxer from Bhiwani, Haryana who competed at the 2008 Olympics at light-heavyweight.
Bébés à gogo French: Babes a GoGo, is a French comedy film from 1956, directed by Paul Mesnier, written by Marcel Franck, starring Jane Sourza and Louis de Funès.
Rychnov na Moravě (German: Reichenau) is a village and municipality (obec) in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
The Shame of the Cities is a book written by American author Lincoln Steffens.
Pierre Cogen (born 2 October 1931) is a French organist, composer and teacher.
Live in Boston (a.k.a. Boston Live and Jumping at Shadows) is a live album by British blues-rock band Fleetwood Mac.
Gregor Foitek (born 27 March 1965) is a Swiss former racing driver.
Little Rock Central High School (LRCHS) is an accredited comprehensive public high school in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.
Tess Madgen (born 12 August 1990) is an Australian professional basketball player.
Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America is a book written by Barbara Ehrenreich.
Yuxarı Uzunoba (also, Uzun-Oba-Yukhari and Yukhary Uzunoba) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.
Atr Afshan (Persian: عطرافشان‎, also Romanized as ‘Aţr Afshān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 9 families.
"Tod Culpan ""Kip"" Williams (born September 27, 1968) is an American director, producer and screenwriter. Williams, born in Manhattan in 1968, is the son of architect Tod Williams and dancer Patricia Agnes Jones."
Dhamaal (; English translation: Fun) is a 2007 Indian comedy film directed by Indra Kumar and produced by Ashok Thakeria.
Rondo is a 1966 Yugoslavian film by Croatian director Zvonimir Berković.
Salih Durkalić (born 24 July 1951 in Yugoslavia) is a former Croatian football player. In his career, he played for NK Rijeka, K.V.
Adam Richman's Best Sandwich in America is an American food reality television series that premiered on June 6, 2012 on the Travel Channel.
Dhamaal Tv is a Hindi language television channel based in India, owned by Sri Adhikari Brothers.
Claiborne Williams (December 31, 1868 – October 10, 1952) was an American musician, bandleader, and music teacher.
Ince Blundell is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton in Merseyside, England but historically in Lancashire.
KEPC (89.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States, the station serves the Colorado Springs area.
The Bravo is an oil painting usually attributed to Titian, dated to around 1516-17 and now in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
Sere Wind Farm is a wind-farm in the Western Cape province of South Africa that is one of the largest wind-farms in Southern Africa with a production capacity of 100 MW.
A Tight Spot (Serbian: Tesna koža) is a 1982 Serbian comedy film directed by Mića Milošević and written by Siniša Pavić along with Ljiljana Pavić.
KTCV (88.1 FM) is a high school radio station broadcasting an Alternative music music format. Licensed to Kennewick, Washington, United States, the radio station is currently owned by the Kennewick School District.
Dennis Creehan (born August 16, 1949) is an American gridiron football coach.
On with the Motley () is a 1920 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.
Battlepug is a webcomic written and illustrated by Mike Norton, colored by Allen Passalaqua, and lettered by Chris Crank.
Come All Ye Faithless is the third and final studio album by post-punk band Death of Samantha, released in 1989 on Homestead Records.
Iraj Zebardast (ايرج زبردست in Persian) is an Iranian poet specially known for his quatrains.
""" Slippin' Away "" is a country music song written by singer-songwriter Bill Anderson, and made famous in 1973 by Jean Shepard."
Orphan (French: Orpheline) is a 2016 French drama film directed by Arnaud des Pallières and starring Adèle Haenel, Adèle Exarchopoulos, Solène Rigot and Vega Cuzytek.
John Hoskins Stone (ca. 1750 – October 5, 1804) was an American planter, soldier, and politician from Charles County, Maryland.
Linnakse is a village in Anija Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia. It has a population of 70 (as of 1 January 2010).
Black & Blue Records was a record company and label founded in France in 1968 that specialized in blues and jazz.
Nonpoint is an American rock band from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The band currently consists of vocalist Elias Soriano, drummer Robb Rivera, lead guitarist Jason Zeilstra, rhythm guitarist Rasheed Thomas, and bassist Adam Woloszyn.
Derek Turner (born 1964 in Dublin, Ireland) is a journalist and author of several novels.
St Nidan's Church, Llanidan is a 19th-century parish church near the village of Brynsiencyn, in Anglesey, north Wales.
Taming the Star Runner (1988) is a young adult coming-of-age novel written by S.
Shintaro Masuda (枡田 慎太郎, born July 8, 1987 in Kyoto, Kyoto) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
"""Talk to Me"" is a song by American hard rock band Kiss, released in 1980 on their eighth studio album Unmasked."
Noel Wilby LVO QPM (1914 – 1975) was an Australian police officer and chief commissioner of Victoria Police from 1969 to 1971.
Joseph-Achille Mbembe, known as Achille Mbembe (; born 1957), is a Cameroonian philosopher, political theorist, and public intellectual.
Eduard Meron (also Edward Maron; אדוארד מרון; born 1938) is an Israeli former Olympic weightlifter. He was born in Haifa, Israel.
"One Shot Deal is an album by Frank Zappa, posthumously released in June 2008. The track "" Occam's Razor "" is a guitar solo extract from a live version of the song "" Inca Roads "" ."
Nadir Afonso, GOSE (4 December 1920 – 11 December 2013) was a Portuguese geometric abstractionist painter.
Rogue Moon is a short science fiction novel by American writer Algis Budrys, published in 1960.
Lesson 1 is the debut studio album of the Japanese super girl group E-girls.
Wu Liuxi (; born December 16, 1984) is a Chinese female sport shooter. Born in Weinan, Shaanxi, she competed in the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.
Emperor Mage is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce, the third in a series of four books, The Immortals.
Álvaro Gaona Vega (born June 15, 1985, in Reynosa, Tamaulipas, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Middleweight division and is the current WBC FECARBOX Middleweight Champion.
Barbara Bryne (born 1 April 1929) is a British-born U.S.-based stage, film and television actress. The London-born actress studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts (RADA).
Carola Salvatella Panés (born 8 July 1994) is a Spanish field hockey forward who is part of the Spain women's national field hockey team.
Eulogio Sánchez Airport () , also known as Tobalaba Airport, is an airport in La Reina, an eastern suburb of Santiago, Chile.
KBSV, virtual channel 23 (UHF digital channel 15), is a non-commercial independent television station licensed to Ceres, California, United States, broadcasting Assyrian programming to the southern portion of the Sacramento–Stockton–Modesto television market.
""" Substitution "" is a single by indie rock band Silversun Pickups, and is the second single from their second album, Swoon."
Basic Education High School No. 4 Dagon (Burmese: အခြေခံ ပညာ အထက်တန်း ကျောင်း အမှတ် (၄) ဒဂုံ), is a public high school located in Yangon, Myanmar.
Mondariz is a town and municipality in the province of Pontevedra, autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.
Kurt Wimmer (born 1964) is an American screenwriter, film producer and film director.
Mazić (Cyrillic: Мазић) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"The Ministry of Justice (Arabic: وزارة العدل, French: Ministère de la Justice) is an Algerian government ministry. Its headquarters is in El-Biar, Algiers. ""."
Zdaljevac is a village in the municipality of Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
One Finger Death Punch is a beat 'em up video game developed and produced by Canadian indie studio Silver Dollar Games.
Songyuan Chaganhu Airport is an airport serving the city of Songyuan in Northeast China's Jilin Province.
Charles William Dymond (4 August 1832 - 7 February 1915) was an English civil engineer and antiquarian.
Salomon de La Broue (circa 1530 – circa 1610) was a French écuyer [fr] or riding-master and Gascon gentleman.
Ontari () is a 2008 Indian Telugu-language action film produced by Pokuri Babu Rao on Ee Taram Films banner, directed by B.V. Ramana.
Visor och oförskämdheter (English: Songs and impertinencies) is a live album, featuring Swedish folk musicians Cornelis Vreeswijk, Fred Åkerström and Ann-Louise Hanson It was recorded live in Stockholms Concert hall in December 1964.
The Cincinnati Enquirer is a morning daily newspaper published by Gannett in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
Gardy Girault (French pronunciation: ​[ɡaʁdi ʒiʁo]), stylized as G∆rdy Gir∆ult), is a Haitian electronic musician, DJ, remixer and record producer.
Serial Teachers 2 (French: The Profs 2 / Les Profs 2) is a 2015 French comedy film directed by Pierre-François Martin-Laval.
"Vrienden (English: ""Friends"") is a studio album by Dutch artist Jan Smit."
Apocalyptica is a third-person shooter computer game that was developed by British studio Extreme FX and published by Konami on October 24, 2003.
Ritual of Battle is the second studio album by underground hip hop collective Army of the Pharaohs.
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is a 2011 period action mystery film directed by Guy Ritchie and produced by Joel Silver, Lionel Wigram, Susan Downey, and Dan Lin.
Jean-Baptiste Pellissier, full name Pierre Jean-Baptiste Pellissier de Labatut, (22 February 1788 – 11 December 1856) was a 19th-century French playwright and journalist.
Kristian Aadnevik (born 10 January 1978) is a London-based Norwegian fashion designer, who graduated from Royal College of Art in 2002.
"He was the Tampa's first mayor of ""Latin"" (specifically Italian) descent, having been born and raised in the immigrant neighborhood of Ybor City. Nick Nuccio was the son of Sicilian immigrants who were among the first to populate Ybor City."
Eilbek (help·info) (former Eilbeck) is a quarter of the German city of Hamburg and part of the Wandsbek borough.
One Nite Alone... is the twenty-fifth studio album by American recording artist Prince.
Gilbert Banester (c. Possibly a native of London, he was Master of the Children of the Chapel Royal from 1478 to 1490.
Gohord (; also known as Gohort and Kahrū) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
The Agusta GA.70 was a 4-cylinder, air-cooled, horizontally opposed engine developed in Italy for light aircraft and helicopter use.
A Wizard of Mars is the ninth novel in the Young Wizards series by Diane Duane.
Hatyapuri (English title : The House Of Death) is a crime novel by Satyajit Ray.
Delta Broadcasting System, Inc. (DBS) is a media company owned by El Shaddai leader Bro. Mike Velarde.
Léon Balcer, PC (October 13, 1917 – March 22, 1991) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Trois-Rivières, Quebec and was a lawyer by profession.
He Tianjian (; 1891 – 2 April 1977), formerly romanized as Ho T'ien-chien, was a Chinese guohua painter and a leading member of the Shanghai School of art.
The Adventurer () is a 1922 German silent film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring Michael Bohnen, Rudolf Forster and Olga Limburg.
Tatsuya Naka (中 達也, Naka Tatsuya) (born May 29, 1964 in Tokyo) is a Japanese master of Shotokan karate.
Antoine and Antoinette (French: Antoine et Antoinette) is a 1947 French comedy film directed by Jacques Becker.
Live from Tokyo is the second live album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers, released in 1979.
Hannington Sengendo is an academic, urban planner and academic administrator.
Singhalila FM () or Radio Singhalila is a community FM station transmitted on 97.3 MHz which broadcasts from Phidim-1, Panchthar.
Oxnard Airport (IATA: OXR, ICAO: KOXR, FAA LID: OXR) is a county-owned, public airport a mile west of downtown Oxnard, in Ventura County, California.
Aldrovani Menon (born 30 July 1972) is a former retired Brazilian football player.
Inaye thedi is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Antony Eastman.
Marcílio Marques Moreira (born in Rio de Janeiro, November 25, 1931), was the Brazilian Minister of Finance during the government of Fernando Collor de Mello, responsible for overseeing the Plano Collor.
Pirogov (Russian: Пирогов) is a 1947 Soviet biopic film directed by Grigori Kozintsev, based on the life of Russian scientist and doctor Nikolay Ivanovich Pirogov (1810-1881).
Pärsti (German: Perst) is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia. It has a population of 164 (as of 4 January 2010).
The Altamont Limestone is a geologic formation in Nebraska.
The Government Accountability Institute (GAI) is a conservative nonprofit think-tank located in Tallahassee, Florida. GAI was founded in 2012 by Peter Schweizer and Steve Bannon with funding from Robert Mercer and family.
Attack Squadron 44 (VA-44) was an attack squadron of the United States Navy.
"Les Voyages de l'Âme () is the third studio album by Alcest, released on January 6, 2012 by Prophecy Productions. ""."
Tharit Charungvat is a former career diplomat from Thailand with more than 30-years experience in the Thai Foreign Service.
The Child (Anak) is a 2000 Filipino family drama film directed by Rory Quintos starring Vilma Santos and Claudine Barretto with Baron Geisler.
Mściszów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubań, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Moorunde Wildlife Reserve is a private protected area located in South Australia near the Murray River, between Blanchetown and Swan Reach.
Ayyanar is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by Rajamithran and produced by P. L. Thenappan.
Death Nurse 2 is a 1988 horror film written and directed by Nick Millard.
Arzén von Cserépy (1881–1958) was a Hungarian screenwriter, film producer and director who was based in Germany.
Yoo Se-yoon (Korean: 유세윤; born September 12, 1980) is a South Korean comedian and television comedy show host.
Singai Pararasasegaram () (died 1519), apart from Cankili I (1519–1561), was one of the most well known kings of the later Aryacakravarti kings of the Jaffna kingdom.
Dead White Males is a 1995 play by David Williamson.
"Stewart D. Friedman is a professor at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania and the founding director of the Wharton Leadership Program and Wharton's Work/Life Integration Project. ""."
Central Taiwan University of Science and Technology (CTUST; ) is a private university in Beitun District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Ashley Parker Angel (born August 1, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter and actor who rose to prominence as a member of the boyband O-Town.
Tizi Ntakoucht is a small town and rural commune in Chtouka-Aït Baha Province of the Souss-Massa-Drâa region of Morocco.
Dark City is a 1950 American film noir crime film produced by Hal B. Wallis, directed by William Dieterle, and starring Charlton Heston in his Hollywood debut.
Guinee Airlines was an airline based in Guinea.
The Complete Stevie Wonder is a digital compilation featuring the work of Stevie Wonder.
Megumi Odaka (小高恵美, Odaka Megumi, born May 9, 1972 in Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan), is a former Japanese idol, actress and singer.
Stefan Arngrim (born December 23, 1955), sometimes credited as Stephan Arngrim, is a Canadian actor and musician.
Five Roads to Freedom: From Apartheid to the World Cup is a 2010 documentary co-directed by Robin Benger and Jane Thandi Lipman that looks at South Africa's revolutionary transformation through the eyes of five men and women who lived under the shadow of apartheid.
Amma Vanthachu () is a 1992 Tamil-language comedy-drama film directed by P.
""" In the Forest of the Night "" is the tenth episode of the eighth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who."
Jerry Mitchell is an American theatre director and choreographer.
The Rolls-Royce RB162 was a simply constructed and lightweight British turbojet engine produced by Rolls-Royce Limited.
KICB (88.1 FM) is a non-commercial radio station that serves the Fort Dodge, Iowa area.
Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering (KGCE) is a private engineering college located in Karjat, Maharashtra, India.
Louis de Boissy (26 November 1694, Vic-sur-Cère – 19 April 1758, Paris) was an 18th-century French poet and playwright.
Ademilson Braga Bispo Junior (born 9 January 1994), known as Ademilson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for J1 League side Gamba Osaka as a forward.
Cambérène is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal.
Bagh-e Yangajeh is a village in the Ardabil Province of Iran.
Tučapy is a village and municipality (obec) in Tábor District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Pop! The First 20 Hits is a greatest hits collection from Erasure, released on 16 November 1992 in the Germany and the UK and 24 November 1992 in the USA.
Anglesey (/ˈæŋɡəlsiː/; Welsh: Ynys Môn [ˈənɨs ˈmoːn]) is an island off the north-west coast of Wales.
Manuel Benjamín Carrión Mora (April 20, 1897 in Loja – March 9, 1979 in Quito) was an Ecuadorian writer, diplomat and cultural promoter.
Annetto Casolani (10 August 1815 - 1 August 1866) was a Maltese prelate who served as the first Apostolic Vicar of Central Africa present day Archdiocese of Khartoum in Sudan.
"O Homem do Futuro (lit. ""The Man from the Future"") is a 2011 Brazilian science fiction romantic comedy film directed by Cláudio Torres."
Historia de Amour is Yolandita Monge's twelfth (12th) studio album and second with CBS Records (now Sony Music Latin).
Love Tattoo is the second studio album by the Irish rockabilly musician Imelda May, released on 20 October 2008 on Universal Music.
Penelas and his wife, Lilliam, have two adult sons, William and Christopher, and a younger daughter, Alexandra. Alex Penelas served on the city council of Hialeah, Florida, from 1987 to 1990.
God's Grace is the final novel (his eighth) written by American author Bernard Malamud, published in 1982 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
Posht Koreh (Persian: پشتكره‎, also Romanized as Posht-e Koreh) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Dragongirl is a science fiction novel by Todd McCaffrey in the Dragonriders of Pern series that his mother Anne McCaffrey initiated in 1967.
"Also in 1978, he was an apprentice to sculptor Luis Jiménez. "" Jesús Moroles, "" Texas Medal of the Arts Awards, Accessed June 18, 2015."
"""Local Boy"" is the second single from the British indie rock band The Rifles, from their debut record No Love Lost."
The Population Research Institute (PRI) is a non-profit organization based in Front Royal, Virginia, USA.
Stora Sundby Castle () is a castle in Eskilstuna Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden.
Normal Community High School (NCHS or Normal Community) is a public high school located in Normal, Illinois that was founded in 1905.
The Local Rag is a monthly alternative newspaper published in Red Lodge, Montana.
Mike Errico is an American singer-songwriter, composer, producer and music supervisor whose acclaimed releases include Wander Away, Songs from Lift, Pictures of the Big Vacation, Tonight I Drink You All, Skimming and All In.
Thiruvanvandoor (pronounced [ðeːrʊβn̪-βnɖuːr]) is a village in Chengannur Taluk in Alappuzha district, in Kerala, India.
Minetarō Mochizuki (Japanese: 望月峯太郎, Hepburn: Mochizuki Minetarō) is a Japanese manga artist.
Andrew Gross (born 1952) is an American author of thriller novels including four New York Times bestsellers.
"Reich der Träume (German, ""Realm of Dreams"") is an unofficial release of obscure Nico tracks. Another, similar CD compilation from the same originators, Walpurgis-Nacht, was released shortly after."
Keren Peles Toor (Hebrew: קרן פלס טור‎; born March 11, 1979) is an Israeli singer-songwriter, poet and pianist.
Villeneuve-d'Amont is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Aberdeen (Chinese: 香港仔), previously known as 曼珠莎華, is a 2014 Hong Kong drama film written and directed by Pang Ho-cheung and starring Louis Koo, Eric Tsang, Miriam Yeung and Gigi Leung .
Litchborough is an historic village and civil parish in South Northamptonshire, England. At the time of the 2001 census, the parish's population was 300 people, increasing to 321 at the 2011 Census.
Fox Chase Cancer Center is a National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center research facility and hospital located in the Fox Chase section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
Dr. Agnar Höskuldsson (born 1939) is a Danish scientist who specializes in the field of chemometrics.
Williams was the son of Sir William Williams, 1st Baronet, of Gray's Inn and his wife Margaret Kyffin.
White Cone High School was a high school in Keams Canyon, Arizona, and the only high school in the Cedar Unified School District.
Howmeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان حومه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.
Based on a T.R.U. Story is the debut studio album by American rapper 2 Chainz.
Fashions for Women is a lost American Silent Feature Film Survival Database: Fashions for Women 1927 American drama silent film directed by Dorothy Arzner and written by Paul Armont, Jules Furthman, Percy Heath, Herman J. Mankiewicz, Léopold Marchand and George Marion, Jr..
harp seals are able to live over 30 years in the wild.
Všechlapy (Nymburk District) is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The Alice is an Australian drama film created by Justin Monjo and Robyn Sinclair.
Marine Wing Support Group 27 (MWSG-27) is a United States Marine Corps aviation combat service support unit based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point.
Bruce Heard (born March 9, 1957, in Nice, France) is a game designer, and an author of several products for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game from TSR.
Bixley is a former civil parish now in the parish of Caistor St Edmund and Bixley, in the South Norfolk district of Norfolk, England.
Ekko Records was an independent record label operating in the 1940s and 1950s from Memphis, Tennessee releasing records mostly in western swing and Country music style.
Shelly Johnson (April 28, 1960) is an American cinematographer.
Manono II (died 1819) was a Hawaiian chiefess and member of the royal family during the Kingdom of Hawaii. She along with her second husband Keaoua Kekuaokalani died fighting for the Hawaiian religion after Kamehameha II abolished the kapu system.
Jorge Enrique González Torres Airport () is an airport serving San José del Guaviare, the capital of the Guaviare Department of Colombia.
Rafał Grzelak (born 7 August 1988) is a Polish footballer who currently plays as a left back for Zagłębie Sosnowiec. Born in Mława, Grzelak was released from Wisła Płock on 30 June 2011.
Dern Rutlidge (or DernRutlidge) is a stoner rock band from Melbourne, Australia.
Choorian is a 1963 black and white Pakistani Punjabi language super-hit musical film.
The Black Curtain is a mystery novel written by Cornell Woolrich.
Jimmy Jazz Records is a Polish independent record label from Szczecin. It releases mostly punk rock, ska, psychobilly and hardcore music artists.
Gierczyn () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.
Story Time, also known as Storytime, is an outdoor bronze sculpture by Gary Lee Price, installed in Corvallis, Oregon, in the United States.
Kim Ah-young (born November 6, 1992), better known by her stage name Yura, is a South Korean singer and actress.
One Flew South was an American country music group composed of Eddie Bush, Chris Roberts, and Royal Reed, all three of whom sing lead vocals and play acoustic guitar.
San Agustín Etla is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico.
Forever is an album by English new-age musician Phil Sawyer, working together with the Malcolm Sargent Festival Choir under the artistic name Beautiful World.
Eggleston also released a more experimental album named Playhouse of the Universe on July 10, 2006 with The Wild Band of Snee, as well as the album, Rushad Eggleston & The Butt Wizards.
The Bust of Antonio Cepparelli is a sculptural portrait bust by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
Bingo-Master's Break-Out! is the debut EP by English post-punk band The Fall. It was released on 11 August 1978 through record label Step-Forward.
New Albany High School is a public high school located in New Albany, Indiana, United States.
Towards Evening (Italian: Verso sera) is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Archibugi.
Great Sankey High School (GSHS) is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in Warrington, Cheshire, England.
Madhav Sharma is an Indian-British actor.
Janeane from Des Moines is a 2012 American political drama film directed by Grace Lee, written by Lee and Jane Edith Wilson, and starring Wilson as a conservative housewife who attends the 2012 Republican Party primary in Iowa.
Killing Technology is the third studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Voivod.
Bart de Groot (born 16 April 1990) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. He formerly played for FC Emmen.
Mabel's Blunder (1914) is a silent comedy film directed by, written by, and starring Mabel Normand, the most successful of the early silent screen comediennes.
Inside the Girls (女生宿舍, Nu Sheng Su She) is a 2014 Chinese suspense thriller film directed by Liang Ting.
Velereč (Serbian: Велереч) is a village in Gornji Milanovac municipality of Serbia, located at 44°03′00″N 20°28′00″E﻿ / ﻿44.05000°N 20.46667°E﻿ / 44.05000; 20.46667.
Ek Tha Tiger (transl. 'There was a Tiger') is a 2012 Indian Hindi-language romantic action thriller film directed and co-written by Kabir Khan, and produced by Aditya Chopra.
Xu Shihui (Chinese: 許世輝; born 1958) is a Chinese billionaire businessman.
Jen Michalski is an American writer of fiction.
Planet of the Apes won Worst Remake at the 22nd Golden Raspberry Awards, while Heston (Worst Supporting Actor) and Estella Warren (Worst Supporting Actress) also won awards.
Naomi Fujiyama (藤山 直美, Fujiyama Naomi, born December 28, 1958) is a Japanese actress.
Sam Ayers (born Samuel Bielich III) is an American actor. Ayers was born in Youngstown, Ohio, the son of Samuel Bielich Jr., a director of construction and carpenter.
Villers-en-Vexin is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
The Hermitt is a band from Brooklyn, New York with Rodrigo Lopresti as vocalist and guitarist, along with Patrick Galligan on drums, and Kevin Brady on bass.
"Paul Dennis Miller (born September 6, 1970), known professionally as DJ Spooky, That Subliminal Kid, is an electronic and experimental hip hop musician whose work is often called by critics illbient or trip hop""."
Kamil Szymura (born August 16, 1990 in Jastrzębie Zdrój) is a Polish footballer who plays for GKS Jastrzębie as centre back defender In the summer 2010, he was loaned to Ruch Radzionków from Górnik Zabrze.
Postphonic Star Exploration is one of many EPs Man or Astro-man?.
Jean Jay Macpherson (June 13, 1931 – March 21, 2012) was a Canadian lyric poet and scholar.
Alexandru Koller (German: Alexander Köller), (born 20 April 1953 in Cehu Silvaniei, Sălaj, Romania), is a former football player turned businessman.
Rawalakot (Urdu: راولا کوٹ ‎) is the capital of Poonch district in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
Günter Reich (22 November 1921 – 15 January 1989), also spelled Günther Reich and Gunther Reich, was an Israeli baritone of German birth.
Ana Radović (Serbian: Ана Радовић; born 15 July 1990 in Užice, SFR Yugoslavia) is Serbian female basketball player.
Sumit Sangwan (born 1 January 1993) is an Indian amateur boxer.
Chor Lau-heung is a Taiwanese television series adapted from Chu Liuxiang Xinzhuan of Gu Long's Chu Liuxiang novel series.
WLKS (1450 AM) was a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Established in 1965 and licensed to West Liberty, Kentucky, United States, the station was owned by Morgan County Industries, Inc. and featured programming from Westwood One.
Gorō Masaki (柾 悟郎, Masaki Gorō, born 1957 in Kanagawa Prefecture) is a Japanese science fiction writer whose career began in 1986.
Juan Formell (August 2, 1942 – May 1, 2014) was a Cuban bassist, composer, and arranger, best known as the director of Los Van Van.
KCFP (91.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Pueblo, Colorado.
Erima is a suburb of Port Moresby, the capital city of Papua New Guinea.
World Soul is a science fiction novel written by Mikhail Yemtsev and Yeremey Parnov.
Mohlaroyim (; 1792–1842), most commonly known by her pen name Nodira, was an Uzbek poet and stateswoman.
The 11mm French Ordnance is a rimmed black powder cartridge intended for the 11 mm MAS 1873-1874 revolver in service with the French Army.
New Wave Rides was an American manufacturer of water rides. From 1975 - 1981, Bill Crandall was the general manager of AstroWorld.
ProTesys is a group of Thrash Metal, Groove Metal formed in 2005 in Cuba. Members are Peter Michel on vocals, Yuniesky Castillo on guitar and vocals, Ernesto Gerra on drums, and Harold Moreno on bass.
William Hervey Allen, Jr. (December 8, 1889 – December 28, 1949) was an American author. Allen was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on December 8, 1889 to William Hervey Allen and Helen Ebey Myers.
Jóia Maldita is a 1920 Brazilian silent drama film directed by and starring Luiz de Barros.
The .600 Overkill cartridge is a hunting cartridge designed to fit the CZ-550 action, by American Hunting Rifles.
Shubha Milana (Kannada: ಶುಭಮಿಲನ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film, directed by H.
Stansberry Research is a privately owned American publishing company founded by Frank Porter Stansberry.
"Heroes in Hell () is a 1974 Italian Macaroni War film written, directed and lensed by Joe D'Amato (using the pseudonym "" Michael Wotruba "" for the directorial credit), produced by Walter Brandi and starring Klaus Kinski, Luciano Rossi and Franco Garofalo."
Scythian is a Celtic/Celtic rock band based in the DC Metro Area that formed in 2002.
Büsbach is the largest of 17 districts and villages belonging to the German town of Stolberg (Rhineland).
"Leroy ""Irish"" Haley Jr. (December 27, 1952 – November 1, 2018) was an American light welterweight boxer. Born in Garland County, Arkansas, he was the fourth child of Leroy Haley Sr. and Bobbie Wallace-Haley."
Ray Dieringer is a former head basketball coach at Cleveland State University.
U-ka saegusa IN db III is the third studio album by Japanese group U-ka Saegusa in dB.
Azul Airport (, ) is a public use airport located near Azul, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Davon Jefferson (born November 3, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for Virtus Roma of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A (LBA). Jefferson prepped at Lynwood High School and went to a fifth year prep school at The Patterson School in Patterson, North Carolina.
The UCL Prize Lecture in Life and Medical Sciences (previously UCL Prize Lecture in Clinical Science) is a prize awarded annually by University College London since 1997.
Tokyo Fist (東京フィスト, ＴＯＫＹＯ　ＦＩＳＴ) is a 1995 Japanese film. It was directed by Shinya Tsukamoto, who also stars in the film along with his brother Kōji Tsukamoto and Kahori Fujii.
Goodbye to All That is a 2014 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Angus MacLachlan in his directorial debut.
Dave's Picks Volume 18 is a three-CD live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead.
24-Carat Black (sometimes styled as The 24-Carat Black) was an American soul and funk band who recorded in the early 1970s.
The End of the Tour is a 1917 silent film directed by George D. Baker and starring Lionel Barrymore.
Söderskogen is a locality situated in Håbo Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden with 378 inhabitants in 2010.
WSCM-LP (100.1 FM) was a low-power radio station broadcasting a contemporary Christian music format. Licensed to Moncks Corner, South Carolina, United States, the station was owned by First Baptist Church.
The Asia Network for Sustainable Agriculture and Bioresources (ANSAB) is a non-governmental organization, headquartered in Kathmandu, Nepal.
Laila is the second studio album by English singer Shahin Badar, released on 5 October 2008 by Imprint Records.
Bruzaholm is a locality situated in Eksjö Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 250 inhabitants in 2010.
The Cricket (Italian: La Cicala) is a 1980 Italian erotic drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.
Velundu Vinaiyillai (Tamil: வேலுண்டு வினையில்லை) is a 1987 Tamil devotional film, directed by K.
350px|The Garden of the Residencia in ESO Hotel Auer+Weber+Assoziierte is a German architecture firm, founded and headquartered in Stuttgart and Munich, Germany in 1980. The founders are Fritz Auer (born 24 June 1933), and Carlo Weber (b.
A Line a Day Must Be Enough! () is a 2008 documentary film directed by Katrin Ottarsdóttir.
Dejan Ivanov (born March 18, 1986) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player who plays for Levski Sofia of the Italian NBL.
Chicken-n-Beer is the fourth studio album by American rapper Ludacris.
Saint-Martial-sur-Né is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
KFCR (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Custer, South Dakota, United States, the station serves the Rapid City area.
WJAI (93.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian Worship format from Air 1. Licensed to Pearl, Mississippi, the station serves the Jackson, Mississippi area.
Puthuponnani is coastal locality in Ponnani taluk of Malappuram district in the state of Kerala, India.
Nigo (ニゴー, Nigō, born Tomoaki Nagao (長尾 智明) on December 23, 1970) is a Japanese fashion designer, DJ, record producer and entrepreneur best known as the creator of the urban clothing line A Bathing Ape (Bape).
I'm Your Baby Tonight is the third studio album of American singer Whitney Houston released on November 6, 1990 by Arista Records.
My Sweet (Spanish: Mi dulce) is a 2001 Spanish drama film directed by Jesús Mora.
George Manning McDade (January 7, 1893 in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada – May 25, 1966) was a Canadian politician, lawyer, and journalist.
What You See Is What You Get is an EP by the band Pitchshifter.
Liberty (also known as Liberty, A Daughter of the USA) is a 1916 American Western film serial directed by Jacques Jaccard and Henry MacRae, and was the first purely Western serial ever made.
If It Don't Kill You, It Just Makes You Stronger is the second album by actor Bruce Willis. Released by Motown in 1989, this album is an eclectic gathering of R&B music sung by Willis.
Aleksandar Railić (; born 22 October 1979) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian professional football midfielder playing for FK Ljubić Prnjavor. Born in Derventa, SFR Yugoslavia, now Bosnia and Herzegovina, his first club was FK Tekstilac Derventa.
Manic Hispanic is an American punk rock/Chicano rock band from Orange County and Los Angeles, California, United States.
Breathalyzer is the brand name (a genericized trademark ) for the instrument that tests the alcohol level developed by inventor Robert Frank Borkenstein.
Dzięglewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Alaska Anchorage Seawolves are the 13 varsity athletic teams that represent the University of Alaska Anchorage (UAA), in Anchorage, Alaska, United States, in NCAA intercollegiate sports.
Hungama TV is an Indian pay television channel aimed at children.
"""Every Man"" is a song by contemporary Christian and Christian rock band Casting Crowns from their 2007 album The Altar and the Door."
"Westworld was a British pop rock/rockabilly band of the late 1980s, best known for its 1987 UK Top 20 hit single, ""Sonic Boom Boy""."
Alfred Tetteh (born 1 August 1975) is a Ghanaian former professional boxer who competed from 2000 to 2015.
David Barton (born January 28, 1954) is an evangelical Christian political activist and author.
Allan Ekelund (16 January 1918 & ndash; 4 September 2009) was a Swedish film producer.
Lemi Ghariokwu (born Emmanuel Sunday; 26 December 1955), also known simply as Lemi, is a Nigerian artist, illustrator and designer who is most renowned for providing many of the original cover images for the recordings of Nigerian musician Fela Kuti.
Mohammad Hassan Ansarifard (Persian: محمدحسن انصاری‌فرد‎, born 1962 in Tehran) is a former Iranian football player, having played in Persepolis F.C.
The University of Aden is the second Yemeni university founded in the Republic of Yemen, after Sana'a University.
Polar Adventure () is a 2015 Chinese animated adventure comedy film directed by Qiao Fang.
Norton Barracks is a military installation in Norton, Worcestershire. The barracks were built in the Fortress Gothic Revival Style between 1874 and 1877.
Michael Messer (born 28 February 1956) is an English singer, songwriter, slide guitarist and record producer.
Hollies Sing Hollies is the ninth studio album released in the UK by the Hollies.
Assurity Life Insurance Company (Assurity) is a mutual insurance organization based in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Eat to Live: The Amazing Nutrient-Rich Program for Fast and Sustained Weight Loss is a book written in 2003 by Dr. Joel Fuhrman.
Carl Wright (February 2, 1932 – May 19, 2007) was an American tap dancer, actor, and comedian whose late life acting credits included Soul Food, Barbershop, and Big Momma's House.
The Herkimer Formation is a geologic formation in New York.
Age of 369 (Miroku no yo) is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.
Hurricane Music Group is an American hip hop collective and independent record label formed in 2012. The collective was founded by its most notable member Nyzzy Nyce (aka Nyzzy), an American Rapper from Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Shaheb Name Golam ( ঈদের চলচ্চিত্র ) is a Bangladeshi Bengali-language film directed and written by Razo Chowdhury.
Pniewy [ˈpɲevɨ] (German: Pinne) is a town in Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 7,477 inhabitants as of 2004.
Naoko Satō (佐藤尚子, Satō Naoko, October 30, 1957 – August 9, 1999), better known as Jackie Sato (ジャッキー佐藤, Jakkī Satō) was a professional wrestler from Yokohama, Japan.
Oussama Essabr (; born 19 January 1989) is a Moroccan footballer who has played in Italy for Juventus F.C., Vicenza Calcio, A.C.
Parisienne () is a 2015 French drama film directed by Danielle Arbid.
"KJJM (100.5 FM, ""The Rock"") is a radio station licensed to serve Baker, Montana."
Emma Goldman: The Anarchist Guest is a documentary about Emma Goldman that was released in 2000. It was directed by Canadian sociologist and filmmaker Coleman Romalis.
Bičje (; ) is a small settlement west of the town of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.
The Priddle Concern is a Canadian indie rock band formed in Toronto, Ontario by Bill Priddle.
An Interview With Brandon Keener and graduated from University of Arkansas at Fayetteville, where he won an Irene Ryan scholarship for collegiate actors and performed at the Kennedy Center.
Bredviken is a locality situated in Kalix Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 365 inhabitants in 2010.
Ahead Rings Out is the debut album by British blues-rock band Blodwyn Pig, released in 1969.
Alexandr Tarabrin (also Aleksandr, Kazakh: Александр Тарабрин; born 24 April 1985) is a Kazakhstani backstroke swimmer.
Zid (transl. Obstinance) is a 2014 Bollywood erotic thriller film directed by Vivek Agnihotri and produced by Anubhav Sinha.
"The Paradise is an IBA official cocktail, and is classified as a ""pre-dinner"" drink, an apéritif."
Lake County Airport is a public airport three miles (5 & nbsp;km) southwest of Lakeview, in Lake County, Oregon.
Jean-Paul Cyr (born December 8, 1965 in Milton, Vermont, United States) is an American racing driver.
Bykowce [bɨˈkɔft͡sɛ] (Ukrainian: Биківці, Bykivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Thomas Gaugain (1756–1812) was a stipple-engraver. Gaugain was born at Abbeville in France in 1756 and moved to England with his family whilst still young.
Corneliu Vadim Tudor (Romanian pronunciation: [korˈnelju vaˈdim ˈtudor]; 28 November 1949 – 14 September 2015) was the leader of the Greater Romania Party (Partidul România Mare), poet, writer, journalist and a Member of the European Parliament.
Bhupendra Narayan Mandal University (B. N. Mandal University) is at the district headquarters, Madhepura.
Anna Olson (born May 4, 1968 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a professionally trained pastry chef.
The Swedish Alliance Mission, SAM, () is a Christian denomination in Sweden, mainly based in the town of Jönköping.
Bagé (Portuguese pronunciation: [baˈʒɛ]) is a city located in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Catherine of Russia (Italian: Caterina di Russia is a 1963 biographical drama film directed by Umberto Lenzi, and starring Hildegard Knef.
Eye for an Eye () is a 2008 South Korean film.
The Keel Formation is a geologic formation in Oklahoma.
KJMD (98.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Hit Radio format, licensed to Pukalani, Hawaii, United States.
Torgu Parish was a rural municipality at the tip of the Sõrve Peninsula on the island of Saaremaa in western Estonia.
VOCM-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 97.5 MHz from St.
WESU is a college/community non-commercial FM radio station owned by Wesleyan University and licensed to Middletown, Connecticut.
"Long Long Time Ago 2 (; literally "" Our Story 2 "" ) is a 2016 Singaporean period film directed by Jack Neo, the second of a two-part series and the sequel to Long Long Time Ago."
KXFG is a commercial country music radio station in Menifee, California, broadcasting to the south-western sections of the Riverside-San Bernardino, California, area on 92.9 FM.
She Couldn't Say No is a 1954 comedy-drama film starring Robert Mitchum and Jean Simmons. The last film in the long directing career of Lloyd Bacon, it was later re-released as Beautiful but Dangerous.
Foolish is the fourth studio album by American indie rock band Superchunk.
"The Pursuit of Happiness is a Canadian power pop group perhaps best known for their song ""I'm an Adult Now""."
Klonari (Greek: Κλωνάρι) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located east of Kellaki.
Regina Hopper (formerly Blakely) is an American business executive, attorney and former news anchor.
A Killing Kindness is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the sixth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.
KRNH 92.3 FM is a radio station licensed to Kerrville, Texas.
Sinnamary Airport is an airport serving Sinnamary, a commune of French Guiana on the Sinnamary River, in from the Caribbean coast.
Lycée International de Londres Winston Churchill, a fully bilingual international school based in Wembley, London, United Kingdom, opened its doors in September 2015.
Boyan Tabakov (Bulgarian: Боян Табаков) (born on 2 February 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer.
Nina Companeez (26 August 1937 & ndash; 9 April 2015) was a French screenwriter and film director.
"Quinto Elemento (Portuguese for ""Fifth Element"") is the second studio album by Brazilian rock band Zero."
"Dawnay is a South African singer, producer and song writer best known for his hit "" U Touch Me "" which broke records in South Africa when it spent 22 weeks at the top of the charts in 2001, toppling artists such as Destiny's Child and Shaggy from the No."
The Mana Movement, formerly known as the Mana Party, is a New Zealand political party led by Hone Harawira which was formed in April 2011 following his resignation from the Māori Party.
Skinny were an English electronica band which released two albums over the course of four years.
The Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) of Hong Kong is the independent statutory body charged with regulating the securities and futures markets in Hong Kong.
Luke Saville (born 1 February 1994) is an Australian professional tennis player.
From 2003 he lived in Oxfordshire, England, before his death on 20 December, 2019. Denis Norman Norman headed the Commercial Farmers' Union when Robert Mugabe came to power in 1980.
Pickin' on the Grateful Dead: A Tribute is a 1997 tribute album to the Grateful Dead consisting of thirteen of their songs replayed in a bluegrass style.
White Pongo, also known as Adventure Unlimited in the United Kingdom, is a 1945 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
WNNS (98.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Springfield, Illinois, United States, the station serves the Springfield IL area.
Task Force 80, abbreviated as TF-80, has been the designation of several U.S.
"The Intimate P. D. Q. Bach is "" a live recording of The Intimate P.D.Q."
Girl and the River () is a 1958 French drama film directed by François Villiers.
Valeriy Petrov (Ukrainian: Валерій Павлович Петров; born 2 March 1955 in Sevastopol) is a former Soviet professional football striker who played for SC Tavriya Simferopol and Ukrainian coach.
Pietronki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Riccardo Rattazzi (born 1964) is an Italian theoretical physicist and a professor at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne.
Qui de nous deux ? It is his third full studio album, or the fourth if including the instrumental work Labo M which he had released earlier the same year.
Hajde da se volimo (Let's Fall in Love) is the seventh studio album by Yugoslavian pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and her band Slatki Greh.
The Complete Radio One Sessions is a compilation album by Napalm Death featuring all tracks recorded for BBC radio sessions.
Born in Spain in the decade of the 1540s, Manrique de Zúñiga was a younger son of the fourth Duke of Béjar, Francisco de Zúñiga y Sotomayor.
Boogiepop and Others (ブギーポップは笑わない, Bugīpoppu wa Warawanai) is a Japanese light novel written by Kouhei Kadono and illustrated by Kouji Ogata.
Major-General Charles Francis Constantine CB DSO ADC (21 October 1883 – 20 October 1954) was a Canadian General and commandant of the Royal Military College of Canada from 1925 to 1930.
Ignition is the second studio album by American punk rock band The Offspring, released on October 16, 1992, by Epitaph Records.
Ljiljana Ranković (born in Valjevo ) is a Serbian female volleyball player.
Michael Dominic (born June 18, 1970) is an American filmmaker and photojournalist who grew up in New York City.
Lillian Pulitzer Rousseau (1931-2013), better known as Lilly Pulitzer, was an American socialite and fashion designer.
Jonathan Forward (1680–1760) was a London merchant primarily responsible for convict transportation to the American colonies from 1718 to 1739.
The Birmingham Business Journal is a weekly business newspaper published in Birmingham, Alabama, United States.
Juggaknots is an American hip hop group from New York City. It consists of siblings Breeze Brewin' (Paul Smith), Queen Herawin (Peridot Smith), and Buddy Slim (Kevin Smith).
Death in the West is a 1976 documentary film directed by Martin Smith, which is believed to contain the first recorded admission from a tobacco company representative that smoking causes health problems.
Valmont is a 1989 French-American romantic drama film directed by Miloš Forman and starring Colin Firth, Annette Bening, and Meg Tilly.
The Crestwood School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status in Kingswinford, West Midlands, England.
C. Soebakdi Soemanto (widely known as Bakdi Soemanto; 29 October 1941 – 11 October 2014) was an Indonesian writer, poet, playwright, editor and professor at the Faculty of Cultural Sciences, Gadjah Mada University (UGM), Yogyakarta.
Time Now Mr T was an Irish television sketch show that aired on RTÉ for one series in 1977. The show was written by and starred Niall Tóibín.
He's Just Not That Into You is a self-improvement book written by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo that was published in 2004 and later adapted into a film by the same name in 2009.
Till We Meet Again is a 1936 American film directed by Robert Florey.
Soltando al Perro (English: Letting the Dog Go) is the first live album released by Jesse & Joy.
Théodore Reinach (3 July 1860 – 28 October 1928) was a French archaeologist, mathematician, lawyer, papyrologist, philologist, epigrapher, historian, numismatist, musicologist, professor, and politician.
The Very Best of Rainbow is a greatest hits compilation album by the British hard rock band Rainbow.
Raymond Forrest Lewis (November 5, 1899 – June 2, 1977) was an American actor of the theatre, radio, motion pictures and television.
Boissy-Mauvoisin is a commune in the Yvelines department in north-central France.
Universitas Multimedia Nusantara—abbreviated UMN-- (Multimedia Nusantara University) is a private university located in Gading Serpong, Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia.
Sajjan Singh Verma is an Indian politician and a member of Indian National Congress currently serving as an MLA from Indore district in Madhya Pradesh.
Drahonice is a village and municipality (obec) in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Ramla (Hebrew: רַמְלָה, Ramla; Arabic: الرملة‎, ar-Ramlah) (also Ramle, Ramlah, Remle and sometimes Rama) is a city in central Israel.
The Forty-First () is a 1956 Soviet film based on the eponymous novel by Boris Lavrenyev. It was directed by Grigori Chukhrai and starred Izolda Izvitskaya and Oleg Strizhenov.
Débidibi is a village in the commune of Robbah, in Robbah District, El Oued Province, Algeria.
Starke Zeiten is a 1988 West German comedy film directed by Klaudi Fröhlich, Rolf Olsen, Otto Retzer, Sigi Rothemund and Helmut Fischer.
James Duff (born September 3, 1955) is an American television writer, producer and director.
The Horse Road Sandstone is a geologic formation in Scotland.
William Matthew Prior (May 16, 1806 – January 21, 1873) was an American folk artist known for his portraits, particularly of families and children.
The Nickel-Hopper is a 1926 American short silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand and featuring Oliver Hardy and Boris Karloff in minor uncredited roles.
Jasmin Freigang (born 29 March 1989 as Jasmin Maurer, in Saarbrücken) is a German politician who was a member of the Saarland regional parliament from 2012 to 2017, representing the Pirate Party.
280px|The team line up for the National Anthem 280px|The Barracudas discussing strategy The Burlington Barracudas were a professional women's ice hockey team that played in Burlington, Ontario, Canada.
Tajarak-e Pain (, also Romanized as Tajarak-e Pā'īn) is a village in Abali Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.
Majzar District is a district of the Ma'rib Governorate, Yemen.
Thomas Berly (Burleigh) Kurishingal is an Indian film actor, director, producer, script writer, music composer in Malayalam cinema, and author of in English.
Planet PC was a British PC gaming magazine aimed at pre-teens, first published in December 1999. It was issued monthly by Future plc in Bath, Somerset, and was backed by a marketing budget of GB£50 thousand.
Otto Luihn (15 March 1890 & ndash; 3 March 1943) was a Norwegian newspaper editor, magazine editor and poet. He was born as Otto Killingland in Drammen as a son of attorney Samuel Killingland (1841–1910) and Johanne Louise Luihn (1856–1906), and a grandson of Hans Jacob Luihn.
Balachander's son Kailasam approached him to act in the television serial Oonjal.
Ammas (also written Ammes) is a village in the commune of El Ouata, in Béchar Province, Algeria.
Roh Ji-hoon (; Hanja: 盧志勳; born July 12, 1990), also spelled Noh Ji-hoon, is a South Korean idol pop singer and dancer signed under Cube Entertainment until 2017, and former contestant of MBC's Birth of a Great Star.
At the Deer Head Inn is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett with Gary Peacock and Paul Motian recorded in concert in September 1992 in Delaware Water Gap, Pennsylvania at the Deer Head Inn and released by ECM Records in 1994.
A Ray of Light (Spanish:Un rayo de luz) is a 1960 Spanish musical film directed by Luis Lucia.
Marzia Caravelli (born 23 October 1981 in Pordenone) is an Italian hurdler.
WBCY (89.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Archbold, Ohio.
David Thompson Secondary School is a public secondary school located in the Fraserview neighbourhood of Central Vancouver.
Helle Frederiksen (born 5 March 1981 in Odense, Funen) is a Danish professional triathlete.
Şehrazat Kemali Söylemezoğlu (born 3 September 1952), known by her stage name Şehrazat or Şehro, is a Turkish celebutante, television personality, businesswoman, philanthropist, composer, songwriter, record producer, occasional jazz, and pop music singer.
Joseph Kirkland (born April 5, 1968), also known as Diamond D, is an American hip hop MC and record producer from The Bronx, New York City, and one of the founding members of the Diggin' in the Crates Crew, abbreviated as D.I.T.C.
The Match King is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film made by First National Pictures, directed by William Keighley and Howard Bretherton.
James Henry Watson Annah Robinson Watson (1848–1930) was an American author, the founding member and president of the Nineteenth Century Club, and a collector of American folklore.
Among Beggars and Thieves is the sixth album by the Swedish power metal band Falconer, released on September 2, 2008 through Metal Blade Records.
Emma Marie Allain Robert LeBreton Allain, II, known as Bret Allain, was born November 18, 1958 and brought up in St. Mary and Iberia parishes in Louisiana.
Ronald Krauss is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.
Changing Trains Mozaik – Changing Trains, Compass Records 744682, 2007. is the first studio album recorded by Mozaik in Budapest during November 2005, and for which they had rehearsed new material a few months earlier, in January and April.
Last Round is the seventh studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1978 through Adelphi Records.
The Wilderness Survival Guide is a supplement to the Advanced Dungeons and Dragons (AD&D) role-playing game, written by Kim Mohan and published by TSR, Inc. in 1986 (ISBN 088038-291-0).
Don't Promise Me Anything () is a 1937 German comedy film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Luise Ullrich, Viktor de Kowa and Heinrich George.
American Child is the second studio album by American country music artist Phil Vassar.
Drifting (a.k.a. Nagu ' a) is the title of an independent film directed by Amos Guttman.
Franco Sancassani (born 12 April 1974) is an Italian rower.
KRDO (1240 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
""" Straight Outta Compton "" is a song by American hip hop group N.W.A. It was released on July 10, 1988 as the lead single from their debut album of the same name."
Coordinates: 35°53′31″N 79°05′07″W﻿ / ﻿35.8920°N 79.0853°W﻿ / 35.8920; -79.0853 Carrboro High School is located in Carrboro, North Carolina.
Kirk Munroe (September 15, 1850 – June 16, 1930) was an American writer and conservationist.
St. Theresa's Girls' Higher Secondary School is a day school at Pallavaram in Chennai that was founded in 1945 by the Bon Secours Sisters of Mylapore.
Annibale Carracci (Italian pronunciation: [anˈniːbale karˈrattʃi]; November 3, 1560 – July 15, 1609) was an Italian painter and instructor, active in Bologna and later in Rome.
Palagummi Padmaraju, shortly P. Padmaraju (Telugu: పాలగుమ్మి పద్మరాజు) (24 June 1915 – 17 February 1983) is a Telugu writer and winner of Sahitya Akademi Award.
Finding Neverland is a musical with music and lyrics by Gary Barlow and Eliot Kennedy and a book by James Graham adapted from the 1998 play The Man Who Was Peter Pan by Allan Knee and its 2004 film version Finding Neverland.
KZSC (88.1 FM) is a college radio station broadcasting from the campus of the University of California, Santa Cruz in Santa Cruz, California.
He coined the name Pepsi-Cola in 1898 while marketing the drink from his pharmacy in New Bern, North Carolina. As his drink gained popularity, Bradham founded the Pepsi-Cola Company in 1902 and registered a patent for his recipe in 1903.
Aamer Rahman (; born 17 October 1982) is an Australian stand-up comedian of Bangladeshi descent.
Rumpole's Last Case is a 1987 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole.
Pollen is a first-person sci-fi mystery exploration video game developed by Finnish company Mindfield Games for Microsoft Windows.
The Adventurers is a 1995 Hong Kong action film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Andy Lau, Rosamund Kwan and Jacklyn Wu.
Rolandas Kazlas (born 11 May 1969 in Molėtai) is a Lithuanian actor, comedian and theater director.
Air Busan Co., Ltd., operating as Air Busan (Korean: 에어부산; RR: E-eo Busan) is a low-cost airline based in Busanjin-gu, Busan, South Korea.
13 November 1989 (Rest of the World) Slip of the Tongue is the eighth studio album by the British hard rock band Whitesnake, released in 1989.
"Extrechinato y Tú (Spanish pronunciation: [e(k)stɾetʃiˈnato i ˈtu]) was a musical project by Robe Iniesta (Extremoduro), Iñaki ""Uoho"" Antón (Platero y Tú and Extremoduro) and Fito Cabrales (Platero y Tú and Fito & Fitipaldis)."
The Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure (formerly the Sturgis Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure by Alice Sturgis) is a book of rules of order.
The Parti-coloured bat has a body size of 4.8-6.4 centimetres (1.9-2.5 in) with a wingspan of 26-33 cm (10-13 in), and a weight of 11-24 grams (0.39-0.85 oz).
Puerto Serrano is a city located in the province of Cádiz, Spain.
David Simkins is an American screenwriter and television producer.
Muhammad Abbas (), (born February 16, 1986) is a Pakistani alpine skier & competitorid=42018 & sector=AL FIS bio who was his nation's first competitor at the Winter Olympic Games, in 2010.
Wheat is an American indie-rock band, formed by Scott Levesque (vocals, guitar), Brendan Harney (drums, vocals), Ricky Brennan Jr. (guitar, vocals), and Kenny Madaras (bass) in Taunton, Massachusetts, United States, in 1996.
Rocky Marciano is a 1999 television film directed by Charles Winkler and presented by MGM.
Frank Arnau (March 9, 1894 - February 11, 1976) was the pseudonym of a German crime fiction writer, born as Heinrich Schmitt.
Valična Vas (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.
Dusmáta Takács (born 15 November 1986 in Dunaújváros) is a former Hungarian handballer.
Leonard Rose (born 1959 in Elkton, Maryland), aka Terminus, is an American hacker who in 1991 accepted a plea bargain that convicted him of two counts of wire fraud stemming from publishing an article in Phrack magazine.
"""I Don't Give a Fuck"", also known as ""IDGAF"", is a protest song by American rapper 2Pac and the fourth track of his debut studio album 2Pacalypse Now (1991)."
Somchai Han-iang is a professional footballer from Thailand.
Arthur Anderson (1860 & ndash; 5 May 1915) was an Australian politician.
Hungarian physician Endre Mester (1903–1984) was a pioneer of laser medicine, especially the use of low level laser therapy (LLLT).
Umueshi is a community in Ideato South Local Government Area in Imo State, Nigeria.
Soul Burnin' is an album by jazz pianist Red Garland, recorded in 1960 and 1961, but not released on Prestige Records until 1964.
Eva Khachatryan (Armenian: Էվա Խաչատրյան, born on December 13, 1990), is an Armenian actress.
The Human Sexipede (full title: The Human Sexipede (First Sequence: A porn parody)) is a 2010 American pornographic horror film written and directed by Lee Roy Myers.
TeacherTube is a video sharing website. It is designed to allow those in the educational industry, particularly teachers, to share educational resources such as video, audio, documents, photos, groups and blogs.
Supermodelo (English: Supermodel) was a Spanish reality television and modeling competition which ran from 2006 to 2008, with three seasons being broadcast.
Tin Bird Choir is a barn rock band from Chester County Pennsylvania. Eric and Heather Hurlock, Josh Sceurman, Ellen Houle, and Brad Hinton weave the poetry of rural life into urgent melodies and heartbreaking harmonies and pair it all with burning musicality.
Shakaskraal is a town in Ilembe District Municipality in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.
Rade Mijatović (Раде Мијатовић) (born 30 June 1981) is a Montenegrin handball player who plays for Ferencvárosi TC and the Montenegrin national handball team.
Eleanor Catton MNZM (born 24 September 1985) is a New Zealand novelist and screenwriter.
Perumthachan (English: The Master Carpenter) is a 1991 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Ajayan and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair.
Ten Italians for One German (), is a 1962 Italian historical war drama film directed by Filippo Walter Ratti.
The Man with a Glove is an oil-on-canvas portrait by the Italian Renaissance artist Titian, c. 1520.
Dragovšek () is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.
Fritz Böttger (1902–1981) was a German actor, screenwriter and film director.
Sarah: Dedicated to You is a 1991 studio album by Carmen McRae, with the Shirley Horn trio.
Henri Vincent-Anglade (1876-1956) was born on May 9, 1876 in Bordeaux, France.
The Young Baron Neuhaus (German: Der junge Baron Neuhaus) is a 1934 German historical film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Viktor de Kowa, Käthe von Nagy and Christl Mardayn.
Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds is a sequel to H. G. Wells's science fiction novel The War of the Worlds, written by Manly Wade Wellman and his son Wade Wellman, and published in 1975.
Atra Mors is the fifth full-length studio album by American doom metal band Evoken.
"""Come On Get Higher"" is a song co-written by Matt Nathanson and Mark Weinberg. It was recorded by Nathanson and released as the second single from his album Some Mad Hope in 2008."
Vincent Montana Jr. (February 12, 1928 – April 13, 2013), known as Vince Montana, was an American composer, arranger, vibraphonist, and percussionist, best known as a member of MFSB and as the founder of the Salsoul Orchestra.
"I Am a Strange Loop is a 2007 book by Douglas Hofstadter, examining in depth the concept of a strange loop to explain the sense of ""I""."
Shōzō Tanaka (田中 正造, Tanaka Shōzō, 15 December 1841 – 4 September 1913) was a Japanese politician and social activist, and is considered to be Japan's first conservationist.
Ride Along 2 is a 2016 American buddy cop comedy film directed by Tim Story and written by Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi.
The Other Side is a 2012 short film directed by Muhammad Danish Qasim.
Carmine Rojas (born February 14, 1953, Brooklyn, New York City, United States) is an American bass guitarist, musical director and composer.
Evgeni Krasilnikov (; 7 April 1965 & ndash; 6 March 2014) was a Russian former volleyball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
The Municipality of Gornja Radgona (; ) a municipality in Slovenia.
{{Infobox musical artist | name = Islak Köpek | background = group_or_band | alias = | origin = Istanbul, Turkey | genre = Free Improvisation | years_active = 2005 – present | label = A.K.
Munroe Effect were an underground alternative rock band formed in the summer of 2006, in Portsmouth England.
""" The Way I Are "" is a song by American rapper Timbaland, released as the second single from his second studio album Shock Value (2007)."
Saint-Nicolas-du-Tertre (Breton: Sant-Nikolaz-ar-Roz) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Anthony Davis (born May 21, 1982) is a former running back in the Canadian Football League. Davis was born in Plainfield, New Jersey and attended the University of Wisconsin where he played football for four years.
Alexander Holtmann is a cinema, television and theatre actor known for his characters in Humboldt in Mexico, The Chosen, Capadocia, El Señor de los Cielos, Qué bonito amor, Fortuna, La Patrona amongst others.
Levinhurst is an independent music band formed by British musician Lol Tolhurst, a founding member of The Cure, and his wife Cindy Levinson.
Hofkirchen Airport (German: Flugplatz Hofkirchen, ICAO: LOLH) is a private use airport located 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Hofkirchen im Traunkreis, Oberösterreich, Austria.
Te Hura Te Taiwhakaripi (fl. 1861 & ndash;1866) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader.
Tricky Dicks is a 1953 short subject directed by Jules White starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Shemp Howard).
Evinochori () is a village and a community in the southern part of Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece.
Bricquebec is a former commune in the Manche department in Normandy in northwestern France.
Igor Grigorenko (born April 9, 1983, in Tolyatti, Soviet Union) is a Russian former professional ice hockey right winger who played almost exclusively in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Combas is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
The Skellefte River (Swedish: Skellefteälven or Skellefte älv; Pite Saami Seldutiedno, Ume Saami Syöldateiednuo) is a river in northern Sweden; one of the major Norrland rivers.
"Planetarian: Storyteller of the Stars (Japanese: planetarian～星の人～, Hepburn: Planetarian: Hoshi no Hito, literally ""Planetarian: Man of the Stars"") is a 2016 Japanese animated post-apocalyptic film directed by Naokatsu Tsuda."
Broken Silence () is a 2001 Spanish drama film directed by Montxo Armendáriz.
"Mondo Bizarro (a misspelled version of ""Mondo Bizzarro,"" meaning ""Weird World"" in Italian) is the twelfth studio album by the American punk band the Ramones, released in 1992."
Playing Beatie Bow is a 1986 Australian time travel drama film. It is directed by Donald Crombie and stars Imogen Annesley, Peter Phelps and Mouche Phillips.
Paula Cole (born April 5, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter.
The Bianca Story is a Swiss indiepop quintet, formed in 2006 in Basel. The band consists of Elia Rediger (Vocal & Guitar), Anna Gosteli (Voice, Accordion, Autoharp), Fabian Chiquet (Piano, Percussion, backing vocals), Joel Fonsegrive (Bass Guitar) and Lorenz Rutigliano (Drums).
Taleb Nematpour (, born 19 September 1984 in Koohdasht, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler.
Barbara Lah (born 24 March 1972 in Gorizia) is an Italian triple jumper, whose personal best jump is 14.38 metres, at the 2003 World Championships in Paris.
Polní Chrčice is a village and municipality in Kolín District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
William F. O'Hare, S.J. (January 23, 1870 – October 11, 1926) was an American-born bishop of the Catholic Church.
Best of Times (, ) is a Thai romantic drama film directed by Yongyoot Thongkongtoon and released by GTH in 2009.
Yaroslav Horak (born 1927) is an ethnic Czech-Russian, then London-based, now Australian-based illustrator and comics artist, best known for his work on the newspaper comic strip James Bond.
During Paschal's trip to France in 1106–1107, he consecrated the Cluniac church of Notre Dame at La Charité-sur-Loire, the second largest church in Europe at the time.
Tarapaya River, originally also called Qayara, is a Bolivian river in the Potosí Department, Tomás Frías Province.
American Indian Wars Spanish–American War Nelson D. Cole (1833–1899), was a United States army officer, businessman, and politician from Rhinebeck, New York.
Blues to the Bone is the twenty-seventh studio album by Etta James. The album contains a selection of twelve blues standards which are among her favourites.
Wola Starogrodzka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parysów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Baseball as a Road to God: Seeing Beyond the Game is a book written by John Sexton that discusses the game of baseball in the context of religion.
David Worth Clark, aka D. Worth Clark (April 2, 1902 – June 19, 1955), was a Democratic congressman and United States Senator from Idaho, its first U.S.
Mia Wasikowska (/ˌvʌʃɪˈkɒfskə/ VUSH-i-KOF-skə; born 25 October 1989) is an Australian actress.
Arjan van der Schaft received the undergraduate and Ph.D. degrees in Mathematics from the University of Groningen, Netherlands, in 1979 and 1983, respectively.
Werner Sobek (born May 16, 1953) is a German architect and structural engineer.
Cinelou Films is an American film production and distribution company founded by Courtney Solomon in 2014.
Jerry Ropero (born May 11, 1971 as Jerry Ropero Verlackt) is a Belgian in Antwerp born Spanish house music DJ and producer, publisher and composer/writer.
Uthara is a 2002 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Sanil Kalathil, starring Lal and Devi Ajith in the lead role.
Hines Creek is a village in northern Alberta, Canada.
The Gainesville Galaxy is a basketball team based in Gainesville, Florida.
The Wessex Scene (formerly Wessex News, prior 1996) is the oldest, leading, and most-read student news provider at the University of Southampton, and has been in print since 1936, making it one of the oldest student publications in the United Kingdom.
The Mayor of Zalamea (German: Der Richter von Zalamea) is a 1920 German silent drama film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Lil Dagover, Albert Steinrück and Agnes Straub.
Wuyi University (Chinese: 武夷学院) is a university based in Wuyishan, Nanping, Fujian province, China.
White Chicks is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans.
"Vrienden (English: "" Friends "" ) is a studio album by Dutch artist Jan Smit."
Red Canyon is a 1949 American Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Ann Blyth, Howard Duff and George Brent.
RajadhiRaja (English: King of Kings) is a 2014 Malayalam action thriller film, directed by Ajai Vasudev and written by the duo of Udayakrishna-Siby K.
The Uncontrollable is an acoustic duo made up of Nick Oliveri and Blag Dahlia of the Dwarves.
Ritz Newspaper, colloquially Ritz Magazine, sometimes simply Ritz, was a British magazine focusing on gossip, celebrity and fashion.
"Cattle Stampede is a 1943 American Producers Releasing Corporation Western film of the "" Billy the Kid "" series directed by Sam Newfield."
The tow truck was invented in 1916 by Ernest Holmes, Sr.
Master of Romance (stylized as MASTER OF ROMANCE) is the second studio album released by visual kei band Sadie.
Bud Powell's Moods is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell, released in 1956 by Norgran, featuring sessions that Powell recorded in 1954 and 1955.
The Bride Comes Home is a 1935 comedy film made by Paramount Pictures, directed by Wesley Ruggles, and starring Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray and Robert Young.
Aşağı Astanlı (also, Ashagy Astanly and Nizhniye Astanly) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 890.
Salman Shahid (Urdu: سلمان شاہد Sindhi: سلمان شاهد‎) is a Pakistani film, theatre, television and voice actor.
Byron Samuels (born May 3, 1964) is a former college basketball head coach.
Michel Hunault (born February 14, 1960 in Châteaubriant) is a member of the National Assembly of France.
Chips Kiesbye is the guitarist and vocalist for the Swedish rock band Sator formed in the late 1980s in Borlänge.
Rieko Miura (三浦 理恵子, Miura Rieko, born 1 September 1973) is a Japanese actress, voice actress, singer and former member of the group Coco.
WGMX (94.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Marathon, Florida, United States, the station features programming from Jones Radio Network and AP Radio.
Girne American University (Turkish: Girne Amerikan Üniversitesi) is a university in Kyrenia, a city in the northern area of Cyprus.
One Hand Clapping is a 1961 work by Anthony Burgess published originally under the pseudonym Joseph Kell in the UK.
Cozio was born in the Piedmontese town of Casale Monferrato to an aristocratic and intellectual family. The count's father Carlo Cozio owned an Amati violin, which may have piqued Cozio's fascination with violinmaking.
Ryan Bishops is a Canadian rock and country guitarist and songwriter from Sudbury, Ontario, who plays as a supporting musician in Ox and in singer-songwriter Kate Maki's backing band.
Au diable la vertu (English: To hell with virtuousness), is a French comedy film from 1954, directed by Jean Laviron, written by François Chalais, starring Henri Génès and Louis de Funès.
Anna Rybaczewski (born ) is a French female former volleyball player, playing as a right side hitter. She was part of the France women's national volleyball team.
White Hunter is a 1936 American adventure film directed by Irving Cummings and written by Sam Duncan, Kenneth Earl and Georg Wilhelm Pabst.
Rabenovac is a village in the municipality of Rekovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 128 people.
Dehnow-e Salehabad (Persian: دهنوصالح اباد‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Şāleḥābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Hermon High School is a public high school in Hermon, Maine, United States.
KMCO 101.3 FM is a radio station licensed to McAlester, Oklahoma / Wilburton, Oklahoma.
Belçim Bilgin (born 31 January 1983) is a Turkish actress of Kurdish origin. She was born in Ankara, Turkey on January 31, 1983.
Maximum Velocity (V-Max) (Italian: Velocità massima) is a 2002 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Vicari.
Vijay Vikram (Kannada: ವಿಜಯ್ ವಿಕ್ರಮ್) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film, directed by V.
Thursday Night at the Village Vanguard is a live album by saxophonist Art Pepper, recorded at the Village Vanguard in 1977 and released on the Contemporary label.
Big Byrd: The Essence Part 2 is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in Paris in 1994 and New York in 1995 and released on the Birdology label.
The Department of Corrections (Māori: Ara Poutama Aotearoa) is the public service department of New Zealand charged with managing the New Zealand corrections system.
Izdebki-Wąsy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The 20th Rifle Division was an infantry division of the Soviet Red Army, formed three times.
Birds of Avalon is a rock band from Raleigh, North Carolina whose sound fuses elements of psychedelic and progressive rock. The band consists of Cheetie Kumar (guitar), David Mueller (bass), Scott Nurkin (drums), Paul Siler (guitar), Jason Alyward (drums) and Missy Thangs (keys).
Death Sentence (French: L'Arrêt de mort) is a philosophical novel by Maurice Blanchot.
Fun Master was a Slovak Eurodance group from the 1990s, consisting of three members; Luli, The Vacancy, DJ Jay.
Lost in Yonkers is a 1993 American comedy-drama film adaptation of Neil Simon's 1991 Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name, directed by Martha Coolidge.
Kiszewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Man Without a Name () is a 1932 German drama film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Werner Krauss, Helene Thimig and Mathias Wieman.
Surtur Rising is the eighth studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Amon Amarth.
__NOTOC__ End the Fed is a 2009 book by Congressman Ron Paul of Texas.
Just Call Me Stupid is a children's novel by Tom Birdseye, published in 1993.
Banghra is a Spanish pop group formed in 2007 with members Javi Mota, Lidia Guevara, and Victoria Gómez that tried to reintroduce belly dancing and Indian dance music to the mainstream in catchy songs sung in Spanish and English.
Kick is a 2009 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film written by Vakkantham Vamsi and directed by Surender Reddy.
Mahatma Gandhi Marine National Park is a national park of India near Wandoor on the Andaman Islands.
Alfred Duru (27 November 1829 – 28 December 1889) was a 19th-century French playwright and operetta librettist who collaborated on more than 40 librettos for the leading French composers of operetta: Hervé, Offenbach, Lecocq and Audran.
Ekko Records was an American independent record label operating in the 1940s and 1950s from Memphis, Tennessee releasing records mostly in western swing and country music style.
""" Kickstarts "" is a song by British singer Example. This is the third single from Example's second album, Won't Go Quietly."
Now You See It was a Scottish television game show that aired mostly in Scotland throughout its run.
"""Cowboy Love"" is a song written by Jeff Wood and Bill Douglas, and recorded by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery."
Éric Bourdon (born in 1979) is a French painter and writer.
Oseček is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. Coordinates: 50°06′N 15°09′E﻿ / ﻿50.100°N 15.150°E﻿ / 50.100; 15.150.
Bagienice Szlacheckie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"WKLK-FM (96.5 FM, "" K-96.5 "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock music format. Licensed to Cloquet, Minnesota, United States, the station serves the Duluth, area."
Kakata (pronounced Kak-ah-tah), is the capital city of Liberia's Margibi County and is located in Kakata District just over the Du River bridge which is its border with Todee District.
Scott Devendorf is an American multi-instrumentalist. He is best known as the bass guitarist for the American indie rock band The National, with whom he has recorded seven studio albums.
The 2014 Emirates Cup was a pre-season football friendly tournament hosted by Arsenal at its home ground, the Emirates Stadium in London.
Vinícius Teixeira (born 3 April 1988) is a Brazilian handball player for Handebol Taubaté and the Brazilian national team.
Dumesnil in 1932 Jacques-Louis Dumesnil (15 March 1882, in Paris – 15 June 1956, in Paris) was a French politician.
Gutta Mixx is an album from rapper Bushwick Bill.
Benedetto Giustiniani (5 June 1554 – 27 March 1621) was an Italian clergyman who was made a cardinal in the consistory of 16 November 1586 by Pope Sixtus V.
Henry Paget, 2nd Baron Paget (c. 1539 – 28 December 1568) was an English MP and peer. Henry Paget was the eldest son of William Paget, 1st Baron Paget of Beaudesert, Staffordshire and his wife Anne Preston (d.1587), the daughter and heir of Henry Preston.
Homecoming is an Off-Broadway one-person show by Lauren Weedman that premiered at Westside Theatre on September 10, 2001.
Wyki [ˈvɨki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozdrażew, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Gregory Wright (born December 22) is an American comic book editor, writer, and colorist known for his work on such Marvel Comics characters as Spider-Man, the Defenders, the Fantastic Four, Deathlok, and Silver Sable, and such DC Comics characters as Superman and Batman.
Jaska is a village in Põhja-Sakala Parish, Viljandi County in central Estonia. It has a population of 102 (as of 2009).
Varaqa (Persian: ورقا‎, also Romanized as Varaqā and Varqā) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District, Qarah Kahriz District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.
Don Diego and Pelagia () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy drama directed by Yakov Protazanov.
Anita Meyer (Annita Meijer), born in Rotterdam 29 October 1954, is a Dutch singer.
David Bergman (born 1965) is a British human rights activist and investigative journalist based in Bangladesh, who worked at the New Age, a Bangladesh national newspaper.
Pointed Heels is a 1929 American pre-Code early sound musical comedy film from Paramount Pictures that was directed by A.
Broken Head (also styled as Brokenhead) is a dub band from Brisbane, Queensland, which was formed after a six-hour jam session in 1996 by Regurgitator's Ben Ely on bass guitar, Skritch from Gota Cola on drums and Guy Webster on guitar.
Gunaram Khanikar () was a herbal medicinal expert from Assam, India.
B-Boy Records was an American independent hip hop record label formed by Jack Allen and William Kamarra in 1986, and situated at 132nd Street and Cypress Avenue in the Bronx, New York City.
Alex Benno (2 November 1873 & ndash; 2 April 1952) was a Dutch film actor, screenwriter and director of the silent era.
Rufus Easton (May 4, 1774 – July 5, 1834) was an American attorney, politician, and postmaster. He served as a non-voting delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the Missouri Territory prior to statehood.
Death of a River Guide is a 1994 novel by Australian author Richard Flanagan.
Jorge Cuevas Bartholín, known as George de Cuevas (1885 & ndash; 22 February 1961), was a Chilean-born ballet impresario and choreographer who was best known for the Grand Ballet du Marquis de Cuevas that he formed in 1944.
Limla is a census town in Surat district in the Indian state of Gujarat. As of 2001[update] India census, Limla had a population of 6622.
I Am Yours (Norwegian: Jeg er din) is a 2013 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Iram Haq.
Quillacollo is the capital of Quillacollo Province in Cochabamba Department, Bolivia.
Deinonychus is a Dutch doom metal band formed in 1992 by Marco Kehren.
Ensar Arifović (born July 21, 1980 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian footballer striker who last played for Flota Świnoujście.
Slaughter Studios is a 2002 comedy/horror film. Directed by Brian Katkin.
The Saguling Dam is an embankment dam on the headwater of Citarum River in West Java, Indonesia.
Born Manuel Noriega Ruiz in Colombres, Spain, he worked in live theatre for many years, performing in his native Spain as well as in Mexico, Cuba and the United States.
Chengara is a small village situated in the Pathanamthitta district in Kerala, India.
.om is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Oman.
Jacqueline Lamba (17 November 1910, Saint-Mandé – 20 July 1993, Rochecorbon) was a French painter, married (1934 & ndash; 1943) to André Breton.
Gone with the River () is a 2015 Venezuelan drama film directed by Mario Crespo.
What the Dickens! is a 1963 recording by Johnny Dankworth, accompanied by his orchestra and guests, some of the leading UK jazz musicians of the day.
Pilar de Zubiaurre (Garai, Basque Country (Spain), 1884 – Mexico City, Mexico, 1970) was a Basque intellectual, writer, pianist, and art dealer and manager who lived in exile in Mexico for more than thirty years as a consequence of the Spanish Civil War.
Live from Madison Square Garden is a 2 CD/2 DVD live album by Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood which was released on 19 May 2009 by Duck / Reprise Records.
Susanne Alfvengren (born Susanne Irene Lund, 12 February 1959 in Visby, Gotland, Sweden) is a Swedish singer.
121288 Uživo (trans. 121288 Live) is the first live album by Serbian and former Yugoslav hard rock band Kerber, released in 1989.
Verona is Czech music group comprising composer and performer Petr Fider and singer Markéta Jakšlová.
Inside Outing is an isometric arcade adventure game released by The Edge in 1988 for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64.
The first military night-vision devices were introduced by the German Army as early as 1939 and were used in World War II.
Slave Girls of Sheba () is a 1963 adventure film directed by Giacomo Gentilomo and Guido Zurli.
Junzo Nishigami (西上 順三, Nishigami Junzō, born February 6, 1989 in Osaka) is a Japanese figure skater.
Anne Trister is a 1986 Canadian drama film directed by Léa Pool.
No More Ladies was a 1934 Broadway three-act comedy written by A. E. Thomas, produced by Lee Shubert, and staged by Harry Wagstaff Gribble with scenic design created by Watson Barratt.
Aim for the Ace!, known in Japan as Ace o Nerae! ), is a manga series written and illustrated by Sumika Yamamoto.
Surviving Life (Czech: Přežít svůj život) is a 2010 Czech comedy film by Jan Švankmajer, starring Václav Helšus, Klára Issová and Zuzana Kronerová.
The J. C. Daniel Award is Kerala's highest award in Malayalam cinema. It is presented annually by the Kerala State Chalachitra Academy, a non-profit institution under the Department of Cultural Affairs of the Government of Kerala, India.
Eagle Airport is a state-owned public airport two miles east of Eagle, in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area of Alaska.
Blow by Blow is the first solo studio album by British guitarist Jeff Beck, released on Epic Records in 1975, and recorded in October 1974.
Casualties of War is the fourth studio album by Hip Hop supergroup Boot Camp Clik, released on August 14, 2007 through Duck Down Records.
The Little Eagle (Polish:Orlę) is a 1927 Polish silent comedy film directed by Wiktor Biegański Skaff p.200 and starring Oktawian Kaczanowski, Maria Majdrowicz and Nina Wilinska.
Juan Joya Borja (born 5 April 1956) is a Spanish comedian and actor known by the stage name El Risitas.
Special is the third studio album by American R&B singer Vesta Williams, released on A&M Records in 1991.
Sintanic is an American thrash metal band created in Los Angeles, California in late 2009 by Darrell Roberts (former guitarist of TUFF, W.A.S.P.
Le Bois Travaille Même Le Dimanche is a Studio album by the French progressive rock band Ange.
Czuchleby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Čičevo (Cyrillic: Чичево) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Light a Distant Fire is a 1988 historical novel by Lucia St. Clair Robson that fictionalizes the story of the Second Seminole War, Andrew Jackson, and the charismatic leader Osceola, warchief of the Seminole tribe.
Revenge: A Love Story (復仇者之死) is a 2010 Hong Kong film written and directed by Wong Ching-Po.
Lake Nona High School is a public high school in Orlando, Florida, United States.
Alpheus Hyatt (April 5, 1838 – January 15, 1902) was an American zoologist and palaeontologist. Alpheus Hyatt II was born in Washington, D.C. to Alpheus Hyatt and Harriet Randolph (King) Hyatt.
"In 1957 the ""Cheeky"" bear was first introduced to the Merrythought range, a design which continues to be produced to the present day."
Liu Fendou (simplified Chinese: 刘奋斗; traditional Chinese: 劉奮斗; pinyin: Líu Fèn Dǒu) (born 1969, Beijing) is a Chinese film director, screenwriter and film producer.
Love is an American romantic comedy web television series created by Judd Apatow, Lesley Arfin, and Paul Rust.
Dobkovice () is a village and municipality (obec) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
Ricardo Cadena Martínez (born 23 October 1969 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican retired professional footballer, who played as a defender during his career.
Marharyta Makhneva (née Tsishkevich, Belarusian: Маргарыта Рыгораўна Махнева (Цішкевіч); Łacinka: Marharyta Ryhoraŭna Machnieva (Ciškievič); born 13 February 1992) is a Belarusian sprint canoeist.
Kire Markoski (Macedonian: Кире Маркоски; born 20 February 1995) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for Karviná and North Macedonia national football team as a winger.
The Wing of Madoola is a side scrolling action-adventure game.
Teruo Nakamura (born 19 February 1952) is a Japanese professional golfer.
The Vampire Chronicles is a series of novels and a media franchise created by American writer Anne Rice that revolves around the fictional character Lestat de Lioncourt, a French nobleman turned into a vampire in the 18th century.
The Night Is Ours () is a 1930 German drama film directed by Roger Lion, Carl Froelich and Henry Roussel and starring Marie Bell, Henry Roussel and Jean Murat.
Sweet Earth Flying is an album by American jazz saxophonist Marion Brown recorded in 1974 and released on the Impulse!.
The Turning Point (also screened with the English name Held for Questioning; ) is a 1983 East German film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Sylvester Groth, Fred Düren and Klaus Piontek.
Akathiyoor is a census town in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala, India. As of 2001[update] India census, Akathiyoor had a population of 5274.
Los Perales Airport (IATA: BHA, ICAO: SESV) is an airport serving the city of Bahía de Caráquez in Manabí Province, Ecuador.
John Livingstone Brown (February 7, 1867 – March 20, 1953) was a Canadian politician, farmer and minister.
Angélica Espinoza Stransky, best known as Angélica Aragón (Spanish pronunciation: [aŋˈxelika aɾaˈɣon]; born July 11, 1953) is a Mexican film, television and stage actress and singer.
Race Differences in Intelligence: An Evolutionary Analysis is a 2006 book by controversial race and intelligence writer Richard Lynn reviewing selected literature on IQ testing and arguing for in part genetic racial differences and with a discussion on the causes and consequences.
Nummela is the debut album by the Finnish singer Anssi Kela.
Tetsumi Kudo (23 February 1935 & ndash; 12 November 1990), was a Japanese artist associated with the Neo-Dada tradition.
The Broken Horseshoe is a 1953 British crime film directed by Martyn C. Webster and starring Robert Beatty, Elizabeth Sellars, Peter Coke and Hugh Kelly.
Broaryd is a locality situated in Gislaved Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 271 inhabitants in 2010.
Mantrap is a 1926 novel by Sinclair Lewis.
Thirunaal (transl. 'Holy day') is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by P. S. Ramnath and produced by M. Senthil Kumar.
Suraiya Jatoi () is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, from March 2008 to May 2018.
Suhail Yusuf Khan (Hindi: सुहेल युसूफ खान; born 1988) is an Indian sarangi player.
Vojdan Stojanovski (Macedonian: Војдан Стојановски; born December 9, 1987) is a Macedonian professional basketball player for BCM Gravelines-Dunkerque of the French LNB Pro A.
Qalan (, also Romanized as Qālān) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
54 Nude Honeys (Greatest Hits) is the first and only compilation album by the Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys, released on April 17, 2006, by Skydog International, a French punk label.
Stop Jap is the second album by Japanese hardcore punk band The Stalin, released on July 1, 1982.
The Secretary of Transportation Outstanding Unit Award was a U.S. government unit decoration which was established in 1994. The Presidential Unit Citation and Joint Meritorious Unit Award are considered senior to the Secretary of Transportation Outstanding Unit Award.
Barry Smyth is a head chef and former restaurant owner from Armagh, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
Brent Seabrook (born April 20, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and alternate captain for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
The Topeka & Shawnee County Public Library is a public library located in Topeka, Kansas, United States.
La Roche-Clermault is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
See text Ebermaiera Nees Staurogyne is a genus of plants in the family Acanthaceae.
Le Dake (; born March 1960) is a former Chinese politician.
Helen Ruth Elam (born July 18, 1928), better known as Baddiewinkle or Baddie Winkle, is an American internet personality.
Ole Michael Ludvigsen Selberg (7 October 1877 – 11 December 1950) was a Norwegian mathematician and educator.
Crooked Streets is a 1920 American silent drama spy film directed by Paul Powell and produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
Kirn is a town in the Bad Kreuznach district in Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany.
Derek Westerman is an American screenwriter, film director, and film producer born and raised in Toledo, Ohio.
Aylin Nazlıaka (born 1968 in Ankara) is a Turkish politician and businesswoman from the Republican People’s Party.
José Mariano Hernández or Joseph Marion Hernández (May 26, 1788 – June 8, 1857) was an American politician, plantation owner, and soldier. He was the first Delegate from the Florida Territory and the first Hispanic American to serve in the United States Congress.
Extended Versions is the tenth release and second live album released by Stryper, although it was recorded during the time that 7 Weeks: Live in America, 2003 was recorded.
Ryan Rider (born May 23, 1988 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian professional wrestling commentator, radio broadcaster, and Marketing Representative for Paramount Pictures.
The Morrill Limestone is a stratigraphic unit in east-central Kansas, northeast-central Oklahoma, and southeastern Nebraska in the Midwestern United States.
Discolized is the debut album from the Danish House DJ and producer Kato in collaboration with a number of DJs and vocal artists.
Missing Angel Juan is the fourth book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block.
A Maze of Grace is Avalon's second album, released in December 1997.
Jaana (Kannada: ಜಾಣ) is a 1994 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film written and directed by Shivamani and produced by Sa.
Granite Spur () is a rock spur along the north front of the Jones Mountains of Antarctica, west of Avalanche Ridge.
William Kendell (6 March 1851 – 20 October 1922) was an Australian politician.
Arctic Thunder is the 16th studio album by Norwegian band Darkthrone.
La France is a French film directed by Serge Bozon, released in 2007.
The Animals is a 2012 Filipino coming-of-age film directed by Gino M. Santos.
Elof Ahrle (21 January 1900 & ndash; 3 June 1965) was a Swedish actor and film director.
The Puppy is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's 1865 novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Istrana Air Base (ICAO: LIPS) is a military airport located in Istrana, Veneto, Italy.
Maria Ilieva (Bulgarian: Мария Илиева) is a Bulgarian singer and a producer.
Alfred Harold Whistler was born in 1896 in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire, the son of Alfred James Whistler, a clergyman, and his wife Mary Maud.
Northumberland was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada.
Alleman Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Rock Island, Illinois. Alleman High School was established in 1949 and named for Rev John George Alleman.
Plamen Kolev (; born 9 February 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sozopol.
"""The Watery Place"" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov."
The Nation's Favourite... is an award-winning British documentary series, celebrating music by a particular artist or popular genre, including ABBA, the Beatles, the Bee Gees, the Carpenters, Elvis Presley and Queen.
Boryszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Family of the Year is an American indie rock band based in Los Angeles, California.
James Elliott was born in Glasgow, Scotland the second of 5 children to John Elliot and Katherine Campbell, and grew up in the kelvinbridge area he was an original cast member of television soap opera Number 96 which premiered March 1972.
The Nancy Campbell Academy (formerly Nancy Campbell Collegiate Institute) is a grade 7 through 12 (day-school or residential) Canadian accredited international private Baháʼí school in Stratford, Ontario, Canada.
Meaghan Sittler (born March 12, 1976 in Mississauga, Ontario) is a Canadian-born American former ice hockey player for the Colby College White Mules women's ice hockey program and the Brampton Thunder of the NWHL.
Khatun Sapnara (; born 29 April 1967) is a Bangladeshi-born British judge.
City Slickers II: The Legend of Curly's Gold is a 1994 American Western comedy film directed by Paul Weiland.
Miki Haimovich ( & nbsp; ; born 15 June 1962) is a television presenter Behind the Lines / Anchors away Haaretz, 24 January 2008 and an Israeli politician.
Brahma Rakshass is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Vijayan Karote, starring Devan and Renuka in the lead roles.
Jack Hood (17 December 1902 – 1 July 1992) was a British boxer who was British and European welterweight champion in the 1920s and 1930s.
The Common eland's life expectancy is generally between 15 and 20 years; in captivity some live up to 25 years.
Blinman is a locality incorporating two towns located in the Australian state of South Australia within the Flinders Ranges about 425 kilometres (264 mi) north of the state capital of Adelaide.
Barásoain is a municipality in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Efraín Flores Mercado (born 6 February 1958 in Juchipila, Zacatecas) is a Mexican coach, who last managed Mineros de Zacatecas.
Pattabhishekam is a 1974 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Mallikarjuna Rao.
Quemchi is a Chilean town and commune in Los Lagos Region, located in the eastern shore of Chiloé Island.
The Smoky Mountain Railroad was a standard gauge class-III Shortline that operated from Knoxville, Tennessee to Sevierville, Tennessee from 1909 until 1961.
Dark Light is the fifth studio album by Finnish gothic rock band HIM. Released on 26 September 2005, HIM began recording the album in March 2005 at the Paramour Estate is Los Angeles, California, with producer Tim Palmer, who had also mixed the band's previous album Love Metal.
Björke is a locality situated in Gävle Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 349 inhabitants in 2010.
The End of Work: The Decline of the Global Labor Force and the Dawn of the Post-Market Era is a non-fiction book by American economist Jeremy Rifkin, published in 1995 by Putnam Publishing Group.
De Trein van zes uur tien is a 1999 Dutch thriller film directed by Frank Ketelaar.
Shyamoli Nasrin Chowdhury (born 22 April 1942) is a Bangladeshi educationist. She was awarded Ekushey Padak in 2001 by the Government of Bangladesh.
WHOY (1210 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish Variety format. It is licensed to Salinas, Puerto Rico, United States, and it serves the Puerto Rico area.
New European College is a private international business school in Munich, Germany, that offers state-accredited university programs in business administration and international management in English.
NobelTel, LLC is a wholesale telecom carrier division founded in 2003 by Thomas Knobel, a young entrepreneur from Switzerland.
Devanakatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Plutarco Elías Calles (25 September 1877 – 19 October 1945) was a Mexican military general and politician.
Nü Sensae is a punk and grunge trio from Vancouver, British Columbia, composed of bassist-vocalist Andrea Lukic, drummer Daniel Pitout, and guitarist Brody McKnight.
Javier Fortuna (born July 15, 1989 in La Romana, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division and a one-time WBA (Regular) Super Featherweight Champion.
Cardiology is the fifth studio album by American rock band Good Charlotte.
Duluth Central High School, also known as Central High School, was a secondary school located in Duluth, Minnesota, which educated students in grades ten through twelve until seventh and eighth were added after the closing of Washington Junior High School in 1992.
TV Cultura (or simply Cultura), is a free Brazilian television network headquartered in São Paulo and a part of Fundação Padre Anchieta.
Hettige Don Karunaratne (known as H. D. Karunaratne) (born December 11, 1964) is a Sri Lankan business economist, academic and author.
José Gutiérrez de Agüera was a Spanish politician who acted as Minister of State in 1898, in a government headed by Práxedes Mateo Sagasta. He was born in Sanlúcar de Barrameda, and was elected deputy for the province of Cádiz in the elections of 1879 and 1881.
"WEKR (1240 AM, ""1240 Country"") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Fayetteville, Tennessee, United States, the station is currently owned by Elk River Broadcasting Inc. and features programming from Westwood One."
Hofsee is a lake at Kargow in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Heikki Partanen (29 January 1942 – 26 November 1990) was a Finnish film director and screenwriter.
Rusty Zinn (born April 3, 1970 in Long Beach, California, United States) is an American electric blues and reggae guitarist and singer-songwriter.
Venomous Villain (VV:2) is the fourth studio album by British-American rapper and producer MF Doom, and the second to be released under his alias Viktor Vaughn.
Alberto Héber Usher (May 1, 1918 – January 19, 1981) was a Uruguayan politician, who served as President of Uruguay from March 1, 1966, to March 1, 1967.
Carousel is a 1978 Wizex studio album.
Daryl Arnold (November 12, 1924December 30, 1997) was a farmer, businessman and diplomat. He served as the 8th United States Ambassador to Singapore from 1987 to 1989.
1Q84 (いちきゅうはちよん, Ichi-Kyū-Hachi-Yon) is a dystopian novel written by Japanese writer Haruki Murakami, first published in three volumes in Japan in 2009–10.
Olavo Brás Martins dos Guimarães Bilac (16 December 1865 – 28 December 1918), often known as Olavo Bilac (Portuguese pronunciation: [o'lavu bi'lak(i)]), was a Brazilian Parnassian poet, journalist and translator.
Richard Plant (born 16 November 1989 in Sheffield, South Yorkshire) is a British racing driver.
Garah Ban (, also Romanized as Garah Bān) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Prkovci is a village in Croatia.
Dissanayaka Mudiyanselage Anura Kumara Dissanayaka (Sinhala:දිසානායක මුදියන්සලාගේ අනුර කුමාර දිසානායක, Tamil:அநுர குமார திசாநாயக்க; born 24 November 1968) is a Sri Lankan politician, current Leader of the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna Anura Kumara Dissanayake is new JVP leader.
Anna Claypoole Peale (March 6, 1791 – December 25, 1878) was an American painter who specialized in portrait miniatures on ivory and still lifes.
Whitney Ann Kroenke (born September 29, 1977) is an American heiress, film producer, and philanthropist. Her father is Stan Kroenke and her mother is Ann Walton Kroenke.
Erkelenz is a town in the Rhineland in western Germany that lies 15 kilometres (9 miles) southwest of Mönchengladbach on the northern edge of the Cologne Lowland, halfway between the Lower Rhine region and the Lower Meuse.
H. Stern shop at Ben Gurion Airport, Israel H.Stern is a luxury jewelry brand. The company was founded in Brazil in 1945 by Hans Stern, whose son, Roberto Stern, currently runs the company.
Puleh (Persian: پوله‎, also Romanized as Pūleh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Vesper is a young adult paranormal novel by Jeff Sampson, published by Balzer + Bray, an imprint of HarperCollins Children’s Books, in January 2011.
Liliamnis Rosabal Salazar (born 3 July 1999) is a Cuban handball player for Granma and the Cuban national team.
There are 94 Grade I listed buildings in South Somerset. Most are Norman- or medieval-era churches, many of which are included in the Somerset towers—a collection of distinctive, mostly spireless Gothic church towers—but there are other religious buildings as well.
F.O.A.D. (an initialism for Fuck Off And Die) is the 12th studio album by the Norwegian band Darkthrone.
"""Little Good-Byes"" a debut song written by Kristyn Osborn, Jason Deere and Kenny Greenberg, and recorded by American country music group SHeDAISY."
Princess Phra Nang Chao Suvadhana (Thai: สุวัทนา; RTGS: Suwatthana, 15 April 1906 – 10 October 1985) was the royal consort of King Vajiravudh (or Rama VI) of Siam.
Fortress (aka Flying Fortress) is a 2012 war film directed by Michael R. Phillips and stars Bug Hall, Donnie Jeffcoat, Sean McGowan and Joseph Williamson.
XHECU-FM is a radio station on 91.7 FM in Los Mochis, Sinaloa.
An Occasional Hell is a crime novel by the American writer Randall Silvis.
Janusz Zaorski (born 19 September 1947) is a Polish film director, scenarist and actor, representative of the cinema of moral concern (), trend in Polish cinema.
I Hate Being Single is an American comedy web series created and written by American director Rob Michael Hugel and funded by Kickstarter.
Gültepe, Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray, Aksaray Province, Turkey.
"""Walkabout"" is a song by Atlas Sound featuring Noah Lennox."
Him Sivorn (Khmer: Rathហ៊ឹម ស៊ីវន) (born 1970 in Ba Phnum District, Prey Veng Province) is a popular female singer in Cambodia.
Karnataka State Film Award for Best Supporting Actor is a state film award of the Indian state of Karnataka given during the annual Karnataka State Film Awards.
Kolanjin (, also Romanized as Kolanjīn, Kalanjīn, Kolangīn, Kolenjīn, and Qūlānjīn) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District, Abgarm District, Avaj County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Jiraiya the Hero is a 1921 Japanese silent short film directed by Shōzō Makino.
Merkheuli (; ) is a village in Abkhazia. A 2011 census recorded a population of 839 people.
Electric Dreams is a soundtrack album from the film Electric Dreams, released in 1984.
Kahir Dari (, also Romanized as Kahīr Dārī) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
"""Laughed Until We Cried"" is a song written by Kelley Lovelace and Ashley Gorley and recorded by American country music artist Jason Aldean."
Beenie Man Meets Mad Cobra is the sixth studio album by Beenie Man.
Try is the fourth studio album by contemporary Christian musician Bebo Norman.
Joseph Priestley College was a further education college founded in 1955 serving the communities of South Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Stan McGarvey (born May 7, 1949) is an American football coach.
Lštění is a municipality and village in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
International Hip Swing is a compilation CD released by the label K Records in 1993.
Förderstedt is a village and a former municipality in the district of Salzlandkreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
La Bohème is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor, based on the 1896 opera La Bohème by Giacomo Puccini.
Victoria Matthews (born 1954) is a Canadian Anglican bishop. From 2008 until 2018, she served as Bishop of Christchurch in the Anglican Church in Aotearoa, New Zealand and Polynesia.
At 11,249 feet (3,429 m), Mount Hood, a stratovolcano, is the state's highest point. Oregon's only national park, Crater Lake National Park, comprises the caldera surrounding Crater Lake, the deepest lake in the United States.
Angur Baba Joshi is a Nepalese social activist and the first women principal in Nepal.
A Revolutionary Family (Chinese: 革命家庭, translit. Geming jiating) is a 1961 Chinese drama film directed by Shui Hua.
Xiao Yang (Chinese: 肖扬; 1 August 1938 – 19 April 2019) was a Chinese judge and politician.
Spec Ops: The Line is a 2012 third-person shooter video game developed by the German studio Yager Development and published by 2K Games.
Common kestrels measure 32-39 cm (13-15 in) from head to tail, with a wingspan of 65-82 cm (26-32 in).
"Angels Flight is the eighth novel by American crime author Michael Connelly, and the sixth featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus "" Harry "" Bosch."
Lost on the Grand Banks (1885) is one of several paintings by the American painter Winslow Homer (1836–1910) on marine subjects.
Higglety Pigglety Pop! or There Must Be More to Life is a 2010 Canadian live-action/animated short film directed by Chris Lavis and Maciek Szczerbowski, collectively known as Clyde Henry Productions, and features the voices of Meryl Streep, Forest Whitaker and Spike Jonze.
Mamba is a steel hypercoaster designed by Steve Okamoto and manufactured by D.H. Morgan Manufacturing.
Decompositions: Volume Number One is the second studio album by American band Circle Takes the Square.
Sleights of Mind: What the Neuroscience of Magic Reveals about Our Everyday Deceptions is a 2010 popular science book, written by neuroscientists Stephen Macknik and Susana Martinez-Conde, with science writer Sandra Blakeslee.
Charles Gordon (born 1940) is a Canadian writer and retired journalist, best known as a longtime columnist for the Ottawa Citizen.
French for Beginners () is a German-French romantic comedy film made in 2006 and directed by Christian Ditter.
Sören Pirson (born 27 August 1985, in Essen) is a German footballer currently on a free agent.
Silas Kitto Hocking (24 March 1850 – 15 September 1935) was a Cornish novelist and Methodist preacher. He is known for his novel for youth called Her Benny (1879), which was a best-seller.
Zheng Kezang (1662–1681), birth name Qin (欽) or Qinshe (欽舍), was the crown prince and regency of Kingdom of Tungning. Kezhang was the eldest son of Zheng Jing and Chen Zhao-niang, and his grandparents were Koxinga and Princess Dong.
Don't Stop is the second studio album by Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai.
We Rule the Night is the fourth studio album by Swedish metalcore band Sonic Syndicate.
Coordinates: 20°55′38″N 72°53′54″E﻿ / ﻿20.92722°N 72.89833°E﻿ / 20.92722; 72.89833 Navsari Agricultural University is an agricultural university at Navsari in the Indian state of Gujarat.
Orrefors (Swedish pronunciation: [ɔrɛˈfɔʂː]) is a locality situated in southern Sweden and part of Nybro Municipality, Kalmar County, with 719 inhabitants in 2010.
Mette Frederiksen (; born 19 November 1977) is a Danish politician who has been Prime Minister of Denmark since June 2019 and Leader of the Social Democrats since June 2015.
"""Pork and Beans"" is a song by the American alternative rock band Weezer, released on the group's 2008 self-titled album Weezer."
Eyal Yanilov (born 30 May 1959) is an Israeli Krav Maga instructor and currently Chief Instructor of Krav Maga Global.
"""Morning Dance"" is the title of an instrumental recording by the noted smooth jazz/jazz fusion band Spyro Gyra."
Kobo Aura H₂O The Aura H₂O, released on 1 October 2014, is the first commercial waterproof e-reader.
Itch-E and Scratch-E are an Australian electronic music group formed in 1991 by Paul Mac (a.k.a.
Torres de Barbués is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 335 inhabitants.
According to The Persecutor Sergei Kourdakov was born on March 1, 1951, in Novosibirsk Oblast, Soviet Union.
Cəfərxan (also, Dzhafarkhan) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 375.
Ringsegård is a locality situated in Falkenberg Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 446 inhabitants in 2010.
"""This Love"" is a dance-rock song written by Toby Gad and at that time-unknown pop singer Kesha, produced by Gad for The Veronicas second album Hook Me Up (2007)."
"""Chains of Love"" is a song written by Ahmet Nugetre and Harry VanWalls, and recorded by American country music artist Mickey Gilley."
William Thompson Walters (May 23, 1820 – November 22, 1894) was an American businessman and art collector, whose collection formed the basis of the Walters Art Museum.
Lightning was a wooden roller coaster that operated from 1927 until 1933 at Revere Beach in Revere, Massachusetts.
In 1986, TI won the Army FGM-148 Javelin fire-and-forget man portable antitank guided missile in a joint venture with Martin Marietta.
Ramsele (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈramːsɛlɛ]) is a locality situated in Sollefteå Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden with 968 inhabitants in 2010.
Andrea Salvadori (1591 – buried 25 August 1634) was an Italian poet and librettist. He was born in Florence and educated at the Collegio Romano in Rome.
That Night! is a 1957 American drama film directed by John Newland and written by Jack Rowles and Robert Wallace. The film stars John Beal, Augusta Dabney, Shepperd Strudwick, Rosemary Murphy and Malcolm Brodrick.
Roger Kingdom (born August 26, 1962) is a former sprint hurdler from the United States. Born in Vienna, Georgia, an athlete of note Kingdom excelled at the high jump and discus in his formative years as well as being a noteworthy American football player.
Rodolfo Nieto Labastida (July 13, 1936 in Oaxaca & ndash; June 24, 1985 in Mexico City) was a Mexican painter of the Oaxacan School (apprenticed under Diego Rivera, later served him as an assistant).
Hector de Pétigny (1904–92) was a French artist who made paintings, sculpture, engravings and stained glass.
The People of Family (Italian: Il Popolo della Famiglia, PdF), is a social conservative political party in Italy. Its leader and President is Mario Adinolfi, writer and director of La Croce newspaper and former member of the Democratic Party.
Feliks Konarski (pseudonym: Ref-Ren) (9 January 1907 – 12 September 1991) was a Polish poet, songwriter, and cabaret performer.
Razband (; also known as Mazra‘eh-ye Zarband, Mazra‘eh-ye Amīr, and Zar Band) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.
Salah Bakour (born April 15, 1982 in Rouen, France) is an Algerian football player.
The Olympic Club is an athletic club and private social club in San Francisco, California.
Robert A. Dillon (February 13, 1889 – November 28, 1944) was an American screenwriter and film director of the silent era.
See You in the Morning is a 1989 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Alan J. Pakula, and starring Jeff Bridges, Alice Krige and Farrah Fawcett.
Witanów [viˈtanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Mystery of Being () is a two-volume book of existential philosophy by Gabriel Marcel.
Ulrich Matschoss (May 16, 1917 in Wanne-Eickel, Germany - July 1, 2013 in Lüneburger Heide, Germany) was a German actor.
Lisewo Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Freeway 5 is a freeway in Iran connecting two cities of Tehran and Bandar Imam via Saveh, Arak, Borujerd, Khorramabad, Andimeshk and Ahvaz.
Réttur (, Court) is an Icelandic television series created and produced by Sigurjón Kjartansson of RVK Studios, retitled Case and The Court in English-language markets.
Ciulinii Bărăganului (The Thistles of the Bărăgan; French: Les Chardons du Baragan) is a 1958 Franco-Romanian film directed by Louis Daquin and Gheorghe Vitanidis, based on a novel of the same title by Panait Istrati.
Richmond Airport is a privately owned, public use airport in Washington County, Rhode Island, United States.
Yassine Naoum is a Moroccan footballer. Naoum is currently with Al Sahel.
He is known for the HBO political talk show Real Time with Bill Maher (2003–present) and the similar late-night show called Politically Incorrect (1993–2002), originally on Comedy Central and later on ABC. Maher is known for his political satire and sociopolitical commentary.
WXIL (My 95 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format. Licensed to Elizabeth, West Virginia, United States, it serves the Parkersburg-Marietta, WV-OH area.
Aghacommon (from Irish: Achadh Camán) is a small village and townland in north County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
Sandrine Bonnaire ([sɑ̃.dʁin bɔ.nɛʁ]; born 31 May 1967) is a French actress, film director and screenwriter who has appeared in more than 40 films.
Ojārs Arvīds Feldbergs is a Latvian sculptor.
Shirley is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on NBC from October 26, 1979 until January 25, 1980.
Bannister Academy (Filipino: Akademyang Bannister) is a private school located in Circulo Verde, Bagumbayan, Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines.
Barbara E. Moo is an American computer scientist known for co-authoring several books on C++, working on an early product written in C++, and directing AT&T's WorldNet AT&T's Internet services business.
Bhakta Kannappa (transl. Devotee Kannappa) is a 1976 Telugu film directed by Bapu.
John Leahy was born in Geelong, Victoria to Alfred Ernest Leahy and Kathleen Leahy (née Gehrig) on 7 March 1941.
"""HiiiPower"" (also stylised as ""HiiiPoWeR"") is the debut single by American rapper Kendrick Lamar."
The Dharawal National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Illawarra region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.
Hocine Aït Ahmed (Arabic: حسين آيت أحمد‎‎; 20 August 1926 – 23 December 2015) was an Algerian politician.
Szoniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Island of Desire is a lost 1917 silent film adventure directed by Otis Turner, produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and starring George Walsh.
""" Done "" (stylized as "" DONE. "" ) is a song recorded by American country music group The Band Perry."
Robert Sherwood Fryer (November 18, 1920 - May 28, 2000) was an American theatrical and film producer. Beginning in the early 1950s, Robert Fryer produced and co-produced many Broadway hits.
"""You"" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Chris Young. It was released in September 2011 as the second single from his 2011 album Neon."
The Death of Stalin is a 2017 satirical black-comedy film written and directed by Armando Iannucci and co-written by David Schneider, Ian Martin and Peter Fellows.
Julietta Suzuki (鈴木 ジュリエッタ, Suzuki Jurietta, born December 6) is a Japanese manga artist born in Fukuoka Prefecture.
The Map and the Territory (, ) is a novel by French author Michel Houellebecq.
Michael Žantovský (born 3 January 1949, Prague) is a Czech diplomat, politician, author, journalist, lyricist and psychologist.
Bundle of Hiss was an American grunge band formed in 1980 in Stanwood, Washington by pre-Tad member Kurt Danielson, guitarist Jeff Hopper, vocalist Kurt Schonberg and drummer Russ Bartlett.
Team Frøy–Bianchi () was a UCI Continental cycling team based in Norway. The team was managed by Espen Hillmann with assistance from directeur sportif Carl Erik Pedersen and Pål Gulliksen.
Mohsen Armin (Persian: محسن آرمین‎) is an Iranian politician.
Ryan Spencer Reed (born 1979) is an American social documentary photographer.
Bratřínov is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Alex Halberstadt is an American nonfiction writer and journalist. He grew up in Moscow and in 1980 came to the United States, where he and his family settled in New York City.
Grimes Field (FAA LID: I74) is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) north of the central business district of Urbana, a city in Champaign County, Ohio, United States.
It's About Time is the debut studio album from the Jonas Brothers.
Jursi (German: Jurs) is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County, Estonia, on the island of Saaremaa. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 16.
Fordyce Municipal Airport , formerly known as H.L. Hopkins–Fordyce Municipal Airport, is public use airport in Dallas County, Arkansas, United States.
Intuic is a social media company founded by entrepreneur and media contributor Silvina Moschini in 2003 that focuses on brand visibility.
Mrunal Thakur is an Indian film and television actress who predominantly appears in Hindi and Marathi films.
Tricky Software is a California based developer focused on creating software for the iOS, and PC computers.
"Wipeout 2097 (stylised wipE'out""2097; released as Wipeout XL in North America) is a futuristic racing game developed and published by Psygnosis."
The Journey and the Labyrinth is a live music album performed by Sting and Edin Karamazov.
"The Kemptville 73's are a Canadian Junior ""A"" ice hockey team based in Kemptville, Ontario."
François Dupeyron (14 August 1950 – 25 February 2016) was a French film director and screenwriter.
Surayhin (Arabic: سريحين‎, also spelled Serihin) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, southeast of Hama.
Parker is a 1985 British crime film directed by Jim Goddard and starring Bryan Brown, Cherie Lunghi and Kurt Raab, in which a British businessman disappears on a visit to Germany.
Mazurowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malczyce, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Gerhard Mostert is a professional rugby union player who played for Stade Français in the Top 14. He was schooled at Die Hoërskool Rustenburg.
Georg Olden (November 13, 1920 & ndash; February 25, 1975) was an AIGA medal-winning graphic designer who worked in television and advertising.
Georgios Sinas (Greek: Γεώργιος Σίνας, German: Georg Sina, 20 November 1783 - 18 May 1856) was a Greek entrepreneur, banker, national benefactor of Greece and father of the Greek national benefactor of Austria, Simon Sinas.
Steve Marker (born March 16, 1959) is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer, best known as a cofounder and guitarist in the alternative rock band Garbage.
Rise Up Like the Sun is a British folk rock album released in 1978 by The Albion Band.
Solo (also known as Solo: Lost at Sea and Solitary Endeavour on the Southern Ocean) is a 2008 documentary film directed by David Michod and Jennifer Peedom.
Typhoon Patsy, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Yoling, was the twenty-seventh named storm, twelfth typhoon, and seventh super typhoon of the 1970 Pacific typhoon season.
Rimsky-Korsakov (Russian: Римский-Корсаков) is a 1953 Soviet biopic directed by Gennadi Kazansky and Grigori Roshal and starring Grigori Belov, Nikolai Cherkasov and Aleksandr Borisov.
Out of Oz is the fourth and final novel in Gregory Maguire's The Wicked Years and was released on November 1, 2011.
Pattihal (K.B.) is a village in Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.
Tetrix (often stylized as TETRIX) is a Canadian psychedelic rock/improvised music band formed in Calgary.
George Sanford Becker (February 19, 1922 – April 9, 1996), who was known professionally as Sandy Becker, was an American television announcer, actor, and comedian who hosted several popular children's programs in New York City.
The Eddleman Pro Tennis Classic is a defunct ATP Challenger Tour tennis tournament played from 1991 until 2003.
Jan TV is a satellite television channel from India Jan TV info on LyngSat www.lyngsat.com owned by CSL Infomedia Pvt.
Saint-Pierre-de-Juillers is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Steven Simon is a former United States National Security Council senior director for the Middle East and North Africa.
Hilpoltstein is a town in the district of Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.
Fallen Is Babylon is the ninth album by Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers, released in 1997.
Back to Budokan is a live album CD and DVD by the hard rock band Mr. Big, released on October 16, 2009 in Europe and October 27, 2009 in the USA MR. BIG: 'Back To Budokan' CD/DVD European, U.S. Release Dates Announced .
Binary Finary are a British trance act, originally comprising Matt Laws, Ricky Grant and Stuart Matheson, who were later joined by Sasha Vatoff who acts as DJ and live performer.
"WQZL (101.1 FM), also known as "" The River "" , is a radio station licensed to serve Belhaven, North Carolina."
Adriano Bassetto (; 8 September 1925 – 11 October 1999) was an Italian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. Bassetto was born in Vicenza, Veneto.
Violent is a 2014 Canadian-Norwegian drama film directed by Andrew Huculiak and created by the Vancouver-based production company Amazing Factory Productions.
Afshjerd (; also known as Āb Shegerd and Afshījerd) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.
Jonathan Glyn Mathias, OBE (born 19 February 1945) is a British print and broadcasting journalist of over thirty years' standing.
Faisal Shahzad (Urdu: فیصل شہزاد‎; born June 30, 1979) is a Pakistani-American citizen who was arrested for the attempted May 1, 2010, Times Square car bombing.
Khavar-e no () was an Iranian Persian-language daily newspaper, published from Tabriz 1943 to 1945.
Lucy Corin is an American novelist and short story writer. The winner of the 2012 American Academy of Arts and Letters John Guare Writer's Fund Rome Prize, Corin was awarded a National Endowment for the Arts creative writing fellowship in 2015.
Patrick Defossez (born 7 August 1959 at Valenciennes, France) is a Belgian composer, pianist and improviser of contemporary classical music.
Michał Listkiewicz (born May 20, 1953) is a retired Polish football referee, former president of Polish Football Association. He graduated from Warsaw University in 1977.
Allan Taylor (1 December 1905 – 1981) was an English professional footballer who played for North Shields, Newcastle United, South Shields, Tottenham Hotspur and Hartlepool United.
Austin Cedric Gibbons (March 23, 1890 – July 26, 1960) was an Irish-American art director and production designer for the film industry.
Giancarlo Ceccarelli (born 31 August 1956 in Frascati) is a retired Italian footballer.
Philipp Ziereis (born 14 March 1993) is a German professional footballer who plays for FC St. Pauli in the 2.
"Shabiha (Levantine Arabic: شبيحة šabbīḥa, pronounced [ʃabˈbiːħa]; also romanized Shabeeha or Shabbiha'; (meaning ""ghosts"") is a term for state sponsored militias of the Syrian government."
""" Dynamite "" is a song recorded by Canadian country music group Desert Dolphins."
WNQM, or Nashville Quality Ministries, is a Christian radio station located in Nashville, Tennessee and owned by F. W. Robbert Broadcasting.
WKYX (570 AM and 94.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Paducah, Kentucky, United States.
Heartland Christian School is a private, PK-12 Christian school in Columbiana, Ohio.
Emmanuel Osei (born 23 August 1982, in Accra) is a Ghanaian former footballer who played as a defender.
Georgia Tech's D. M. Smith Building, which has housed numerous academic departments, is named in his honor. D. M. Smith was born in 1884 in Nashville, Tennessee.
Spasms is a 1983 Canadian horror film directed by William Fruet and starring Peter Fonda, Oliver Reed, and Kerrie Keane.
Jive (formerly known as Clearspace, then Jive SBS, then Jive Engage) is a commercial Java EE-based Enterprise 2.0 collaboration and knowledge management tool produced by Jive Software.
The Boom Chucka Boys is a Canadian country music group from Sylvan Lake, Alberta composed of Ryan Langlois, Joel Rathjen, Teddy Roy Michaylow, Ben Shillabeer and Neil MacDonald.
Frihed forpligter (English translation: Duties of Freedom is a 1951 Danish film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
Suchohrdly (German: Zuckerhandl) is a village and municipality (obec) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
"The Institute of Business Management (IoBM) also known as "" CBM "" is a private university and business school in Karachi, Pakistan."
Ente Veedu Appuvinteyum is a 2003 Indian Malayalam-language family drama film directed by Sibi Malayil and starring Jayaram, Jyothirmayi and Kalidas Jayaram.
They're Watching is a 2016 American found footage horror comedy film directed and written by Jay Lender and Micah Wright.
Dos Abend Blatt (The Evening Paper; original extensive title Yiddish: אבענד בלאטט פון דיא ארבייטער צייטונג‎; Abend blatt fun di arbayter tsaytung) was a Yiddish language daily newspaper published in New York City, United States.
Kahili Adventist School is a pre-K–12 preparatory school in Koloa, Hawaii, United States.
Saint-Priest-la-Roche is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Jean-Marie Buchet (born 24 February 1938 in Jemappes, Belgium, near Mons) is a Belgian author and filmmaker.
Nandihal is a village in Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.
Rude Bootleg is a live album by the English rock band Cardiacs.
Love Confessions is the second studio album by American R & B singer Miki Howard.
Abingdon-Avon High School, or AAHS, is a public four-year high school located in Abingdon, Illinois.
US Métro was an ice hockey team in Paris, France.
The Thief of Tibidabo (Spanish: La vida es magnífica, French: Le voleur de Tibidabo) is a 1964 Spanish-French crime-comedy film directed by Maurice Ronet and starring Anna Karina.
She is the lead singer for the band Jefferson Starship and her own Cathy Richardson Band, and has performed the Janis Joplin parts for Joplin's former band Big Brother and the Holding Company.
A Cold Piece of Work is an album by American rapper Jay Tee, from N2Deep/Latino Velvet.
Mónica Ayos Crámer (born June 19, 1974 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine actress.
Georg Hans Emmo Wolfgang Hieronymus (1846–1921) was a European botanist of German extraction.
Creators: The Past is an upcoming Italian fantasy film written by Piergiuseppe Zaia and Eleonora Fani, directed by Piergiuseppe Zaia and starring Gérard Depardieu, Bruce Payne, Eleonara Fani, Marc Fiorini, Jennifer Mischiati and William Shatner.
The Kosovo Protestant Evangelical Church () (KPEC) is a Protestant church network based in Pristina, Kosovo.
Mihai Constantinescu (; born 20 August 1932) is a Romanian film director and screenwriter.
In Our Time is a book of essays and illustrations written and drawn by Tom Wolfe, published in 1980.
Neplachov is a village and municipality (obec) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Surrender is the third studio album by English synth-pop duo Hurts.
Burning (バーニング, Bāningu) was a professional wrestling stable originally formed in All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) in August 1998 by Jun Akiyama, Kenta Kobashi, Kentaro Shiga and Yoshinobu Kanemaru.
Tor Atle Andersen is the drummer for the Norwegian progressive metal/power metal band Communic.
John Thomson (November 20, 1780 – December 2, 1852) was a United States Representative from Ohio. Born in Ireland, Thomson immigrated with his parents to the United States in 1787.
The Wilding is a 2012 Australian gay drama film written and directed by Grant Scicluna and funded through Springboard, an initiative of Screen Australia.
Fraternité , is a French comedy TV film from 1954, directed by René Lucot, written by Fernand Fleuret, starring Julien Carette and Louis de Funès.
Alix Lambert is an American documentary filmmaker and television writer.
Pelt is a drone music group formed in Richmond, Virginia in 1993. The band was originally formed in 1993 by violinist Mike Gangloff.
Ivan Deveson AO (born 18 February 1934) is an Australian businessman and the 100th Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1996 to 1999 after a period of Commissioners controlling the Melbourne City Council.
Chiragh Hasan Hasrat ( Born 1904, Baramula, Kashmir ) was a Poet and Journalist.
Grant Mitchell (born July 19, 1951) is a Canadian politician and businessman.
The Institute for Space and Defense Electronics (ISDE) is a research facility at Vanderbilt University, a private research university in Nashville, Tennessee.
Yasuyuki Kazama (風間靖幸, Kazama Yasuyuki, born 1 February 1970, Shimosuwa, Nagano, Japan) is a drifting driver from Japan, formerly competing in D1 Grand Prix, well known for using the Nissan Silvia S15.
Hot Fuzz: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack album to the 2007 British crime-comedy film, Hot Fuzz.
Bisa Kdei is the first Ghanaian artist to break into the limelight with a movie sound track.
Inbetween Worlds () is a 2014 German drama film produced, written and directed by Feo Aladag.
Stępocin [stɛmˈpɔt͡ɕin] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nekla, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Ross is a 1960 play by British playwright Terence Rattigan.
In the Sweet Pie and Pie is a 1941 short subject directed by Jules White starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Curly Howard).
Brett Deacon (born 7 March 1982 in Leicester, England) is a retired rugby union player who notably played for Leicester Tigers in the Premiership.
Sussargues is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Demonoid (also known as Demonoid: Messenger of Death, and Macabra: La mano del diablo), is a 1981 supernatural horror film written, produced, and directed by Alfredo Zacarías and based on a story by Zacarías.
Saruhanlı is a town and district of Manisa Province in the Aegean region of Turkey.
Manzoulé is a village in the Bagassi Department of Balé Province in southern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 279.
Bahram Mirza Moezz-od-Dowleh Qajar (1806–1882) (بهرام میرزا معزالدوله قاجار) was the second son of Abbas Mirza who was the youngest son of Fat'h Ali Shah Qajar.
The Department of Health is the executive department of the South African government that is assigned to health matters.
The 2010–11 Texas Longhorns men's basketball team represented the University of Texas in the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Their head coach was Rick Barnes, who was in his 13th year.
Rasulpur Gogumau is a Village in Kanpur Dehat district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Darragh Mortell (born 23 June 1989) is a Welsh actor who is best known for his role as Crash in The Story of Tracy Beaker and his major role as Jack in the second series of BAFTA nominated television sitcom Dani's House.
Cédric Schneuwly (born May 19, 1992) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward. He is currently playing for EHC Olten in the National League B (NLB).
CJTL-FM, is a Canadian radio station, that broadcasts a First Nations and Christian radio programming at 96.5 FM in Pickle Lake, Ontario, along with a radio translator CJTL-FM-1 at 98.
"Waretini is an album by Deane Waretini which features his hit single "" The Bridge "" ."
Yallammawadi is a village in Belgaum district, within the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Transglobal Underground (sometimes written as Trans-Global Underground) is an English electro-world music group, specializing in a fusion of western, Asian and African music styles (sometimes labelled world fusion and ethno techno).
John Gregorson Campbell (1836 & nbsp;– 22 November 1891) was a Scottish folklorist and Free Church minister at the Tiree and Coll parishes in Argyll, Scotland.
Murzynowo Kościelne [muʐɨˈnɔvɔ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Bless This House is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas and Sid James, Diana Coupland, Terry Scott, June Whitfield, and Peter Butterworth.
Exiled to Shanghai is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and Armand Schaefer and starring Wallace Ford, June Travis, and Dean Jagger.
Ole Bakke (1889–1925) was a Norwegian-American architect practicing in Missoula, a city in western Montana. Bakke, a native of Norway, arrived in Missoula in 1900.
Dream of You, the third studio album by Helen Merrill, was arranged and conducted by Gil Evans.
Zaw One (Burmese: ဇော်ဝမ်း; IPA: [zɔ̀ wáɴ]; born Thaung Dan; 17 July 1945 – 12 August 2009) was a Burmese actor and singer.
Avalon: The Greatest Hits (2009) is a greatest hits album by Contemporary Christian music vocal group Avalon.
An Audience and Ray Wilson is a live acoustic album by Ray Wilson released in 2006 prior to his reforming of Stiltskin.
"Beautiful Solitude (Chinese: 又寂寞又美好, which literally means ""Lonely and Wonderful,"") is a picture book, authored and illustrated by Jimmy Liao, completed in 2003."
Ned McCobb's Daughter is a 1928 American drama film directed by William J. Cowen and starring Irene Rich, Theodore Roberts, and Robert Armstrong.
Brian Barwick (born 21 June 1954), is an English sports administrator who currently serves as the Chairman of the Rugby Football League (RFL) and Super League Europe Ltd.
Around the Well is a compilation of out-of-print and previously unreleased tracks by the folk rock artist Iron & Wine, released on May 19, 2009.
"In Greek mythology, Stheno (/ˈsθiːnoʊ/ or /ˈsθɛnoʊ/; Greek: Σθενώ, English translation: ""forceful""), was the eldest of the Gorgons, vicious female monsters with brass hands, sharp fangs and ""hair"" made of living venomous snakes."
The Princess of Wales Hospital (Welsh: Ysbyty Tywysoges Cymru) is a district general hospital in Bridgend, Wales.
Zamin Sarv (, also Romanized as Zamīn Sarv) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Empacher (company name Bootswerft Empacher GmbH) is a manufacturer of boats. Originally building sailing yachts, Willy Empacher founded his boatyard with Wilhelm Karlisch during 1923 in Königsberg, East Prussia.
The Reenactment (), also known as Reconstruction, is a 1968 black-and-white film by Romanian director Lucian Pintilie.
Love at Sea is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Rosalyn Boulter, Carl Harbord and Aubrey Mallalieu.
Poonthotta Kaavalkaaran ( The guard of the flower garden) is a 1988 Tamil drama film directed by Senthilnathan, making his directorial debut.
Reuben Wu (born 1975) is an English photographer, director, music producer and member of the electronic band Ladytron.
Richard Bell (born September 2, 1937) is a high school and former college football head coach.
Elmira Pet Products Ltd. is a manufacturer of pet foods in Elmira, Ontario Canada.
Johan Andreas Holvik (May 19, 1880 – November 25, 1960) was a Norwegian-American author and a professor at Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota.
Wu Yigong (Chinese: 吴贻弓; December 1, 1938 – September 14, 2019) was a Chinese film director and producer.
Hirsch endowed the Werner Z. Hirsch Award in Representational Drawing in the Department of Art at UCLA. Hirsch married Hilde Emma Zwiren, known as Esther, whom he met in Israel.
Naanum Rowdy Dhaan () is a 2015 Indian Tamil-language action comedy film written and directed by Vignesh Shivan.
Erich Neumann (born 31 May 1892 – died 1948 or 23 March 1951) was a Nazi politician. Neumann was born in Forst (Lausitz) into a Protestant family.
Liu Jing (; born 1944) is a former Deputy Minister of Public Security of the People's Republic of China, and the former director of the 610 Office.
Turkmen State University named after Magtymguly () is one of the leading universities in Turkmenistan, located in the capital of Ashgabat.
CT Corp (formerly known as Para Group) is a group of companies owned by Chairul Tanjung established since 1987.
27 Mavalli Circle is a 1986 Indian Kannada language thriller film directed, written, produced and enacted by T.
"Pendulum are an Australian drum and bass band founded in 2002. Pendulum originally formed in the city of Perth, Western Australia, by Rob Swire, Gareth McGrillen and Paul ""El Hornet"" Harding."
MINUGUA (United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala) was a United Nations humanitarian mission in Guatemala that involved, at the most critical point in the peace process, a three-month peacekeeping mission.
Frank Leder ( born September 25, 1974 in Nuremberg, Germany ) is a German fashion designer.
Lisey's Story is a novel by American writer Stephen King that combines the elements of psychological horror and romance.
Invincible is the third studio album by American Christian rock band Skillet.
Money Sucks, Friends Rule is the debut studio album by Dillon Francis, an American electronic music producer known for being one of the pioneers of moombahton and moombahcore.
Dutch Tilders (29 August 194123 April 2011), born Mattheus Frederikus Wilhelmus Tilders, anglicised as Matthew Tilders, was a Netherlands-born Australian blues singer-songwriter and guitarist.
Hurricane Claudette was the third tropical storm and first hurricane of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season.
Null-A Three, usually written Ā Three, is a 1985 science fiction novel by A.
Walter Stubbings (4 September 1870 & mdash; 28 November 1949) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire in 1900. Stubbings was born in Whitwell, Derbyshire, the son of James Stubbings, a mason, and his wife Ann.
Diman Regional Vocational Technical High School is a public vocational high school located in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The 2013 Tippeligaen was the 68th completed season of top division football in Norway. The competition began 15 March 2013 and ended on 10 November 2013, when Strømsgodset defeated Haugesund 4–0 to win their second league title.
Between Time and Timbuktu is a television film directed by Fred Barzyk and based on a number of works by Kurt Vonnegut.
Jerzyków [jɛˈʐɨkuf] (German: Sankt Georgenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Scipion Capital is a London-based hedge fund, specializing in private debt. It was founded by Nicolas Clavel in 2007.
Devon Russell (died 18 June 1997) was a Jamaican rocksteady and reggae singer and record producer who recorded between the 1960s and the 1990s, both as a solo artist and as a member of The Tartans and Cultural Roots.
Officer Down is a 2013 American action film directed by Brian A. Miller.
K rock 95.5 (call sign: 3CAT)—sometimes stylised as K-Rock—is a commercial FM radio station based in Geelong, Australia.
Plamen Markov (born 11 September 1957 in Sevlievo) is a retired Bulgarian international footballer who played as a midfielder.
Pavol Országh Hviezdoslav (2 February 1849 - 8 November 1921) was a Slovak poet, dramatist, translator, and for a short time, member of the Czechoslovak parliament.
Syed Ashiq Hussain Bukhari () is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2014.
Augustin Brassard (July 16, 1922 – December 26, 1971) was a Canadian politician, lawyer, secretary and teacher.
Mark van Oppen (Zolder, Belgium, April 29, 1953) better known as Marvano, is a Belgian comic artist.
Pro-Football-Reference.com, Players, Terry LeCount. He attended William M. Raines High School in Jacksonville, databaseFootball.com, Players, Terry LeCount .
Sorry is a 2007 novel by Australian author Gail Jones.
Sarah Taylor (born November 6, 1981) is a tennis coach and former professional American tennis player from New York City.
Édouard Leclerc (French pronunciation: ​[edwaʁ ləklɛʁ]; born 20 November 1926 in Landerneau – died 17 September 2012 in Saint-Divy, Brittany) was a French businessman and entrepreneur who founded the French supermarket chain E.Leclerc in 1948.
Brad Muir is an American computer game designer and programmer.
Robert Alan Aurthur (June 10, 1922 – November 20, 1978) was an American screenwriter, film director, and film producer.
L'été en pente douce (Summer on a gentle slope) is a French film, an adaptation of a novel by Pierre Pelot. It was directed by Gérard Krawczyk, and released in 1987.
Yasmine Al-Bustami () is an Emirati -American actress. She is most known from The CW television series The Originals.
Sixteen is the fifth studio album by American singer Stacy Lattisaw.
Alışanlı (also, Alyshanly and Alishanly) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 875.
Martin Vojtek (born May 4, 1975) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey goaltender. He played with HC Oceláři Třinec in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
Ordo Rosarius Equilibrio (ORE) is a neofolk and martial industrial music group from Stockholm.
""" Acapella "" is a song by American music duo Karmin. It was released on July 9, 2013 by Epic Records as the lead single from their debut studio album, Pulses (2014)."
""" Runnin' Outta Moonlight "" is a song recorded by American country music artist Randy Houser."
Highvale Secondary College is a state high school located in the eastern Melbourne suburb of Glen Waverley, Victoria, Australia.
Sajjan Jindal (born ) is an Indian entrepreneur.
The Breaking of the World is the fifteenth studio album by American progressive rock band Glass Hammer, released on March 31, 2015.
KGO (810 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to San Francisco, California.
Saint-Sylvain-d'Anjou is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Enderby Outside, first published in 1968 in London by William Heinemann, is the second volume in the Enderby series of comic novels by Anthony Burgess.
Haupe Liyanage Athukorala Morris Joseph Ranabahu, popularly as Freddie Silva (Sinhala: ෆෙ‍්‍රඩී සිල්වා) (06 February 1938 – 29 October 2001), was a Sri Lankan film actor, and playback singer, who appeared from 1973 until 2002.
In the Heat of the Night is the second album by British soul/dance group Imagination, produced by Steve Jolley and Tony Swain and released in 1982.
Andrea Bocelli (Italian pronunciation: [anˈdrɛːa boˈtʃɛlli]; born 22 September 1958) is an Italian opera singer, songwriter, and record producer.
Coordinates: 6°42′48″N 1°37′26″W﻿ / ﻿6.7132807°N 1.623867°W﻿ / 6.7132807; -1.623867 Wesley College of Education is a teacher education college in Kumasi, Ashanti Region in Ghana.
In Ghost Colours is the second studio album by Australian electronic music band Cut Copy.
Nja Mahdaoui, (born in 1937) is a Tunisian artist known for his use of calligraphy as a graphic art form.
Deshamanya Gamani Corea (4 November 1925 – 3 November 2013) was a Sri Lankan economist, civil servant and diplomat.
Iddaru Attala Muddula Alludu (English: Charming Son-in-law of Two Mothers-in-law) is a 2006 Telugu, comedy film, produced by Smt.
"Colomiers (Occitan:""Colomèrs"") is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France."
Eamon O'Neill (born 15 September 1944) is a nationalist politician in Northern Ireland, and a former Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly. Born in Emyvale, County Monaghan, O'Neill studied at St Mary's College in Strawberry Hill, then with the Open University.
Traitor is a BBC television drama written by Dennis Potter and directed by Alan Bridges, which featured in the Play for Today series on 14 October 1971.
Love and Death in Bali (German:Liebe und Tod auf Bali) is a 1937 novel by the Austrian writer Vicki Baum.
Oulad Mkoudou is a commune in Sefrou Province, Fès-Meknès, Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 7821 people living in 1523 households.
Fabio Fazio (Italian pronunciation: [ˈfaːbjo ˈfattsjo]; born 30 November 1964) is an Italian television presenter.
Modern Times Revive is the fifth studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance.
Wilcannia is a small town located within the Central Darling Shire in north western New South Wales, Australia.
"WWMP (103.3 FM, ""Rock 103.3"") is a radio station broadcasting an mainstream rock format that is licensed to Waterbury, Vermont, United States."
It Might as Well Be Spring is an album by American saxophonist Ike Quebec recorded in 1961 and released on the Blue Note label.
Kaalam Maari Kadha Maari (Malayalam: കാലം മാറി കഥ മാറി) is a 1987 Malayalam film. It was directed by M. Krishnan Nair, written by Devan.
Joséphine Boulay Joséphine Pauline Boulay (22 May 1869 – 5 August 1925) was a French organist, composer and professor. Born in Paris, she became blind at age three.
Siva Manasula Sakthi () also known by the initialism SMS, is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by debutant M.
The Polyvalente de l'Érablière (or also called École Secondaire de l'Érabliere; English translation: Maple Tree High School) is a french language public high school located in Gatineau, Quebec.
The Serpent's Shadow (2001) is a novel by American writer Mercedes Lackey, part of her Elemental Masters series.
Jealousy (Italian: Gelosia) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Pietro Germi.
Choi Jin-sung (born 1975) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.
Telaprolu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The Sham Pistols were a short-lived punk rock supergroup composed of guitarist Steve Jones and drummer Paul Cook of the Sex Pistols with vocalist Jimmy Pursey and bass player Dave Tregunna of Sham 69.
Lunjevica () is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 512 people.
Patrick O'Reilly (1843–1914) was a Catholic priest and educationalist in the Diocese of Auckland, New Zealand. He was born in Rosscarbery, County Cork, Ireland in 1843 and was brought by his parents to Auckland in 1852.
Fragments of a Rainy Season is a 1992 live solo album by John Cale, performed at various locations during his 1992 tour.
"""Tip of My Tongue"" is a song by Australian rock musician, Diesel."
Carpetbagger is an alt-country, Americana band based in Austin, Texas. Carpetbagger consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Greg Loftus, lead guitarist Cody Brown, bassist John Tranum, and drummer Bryan McGrath.
Ponikovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Пониковица) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.
Zhytomyr Raion (Ukrainian: Житомирський район) is a raion (district) of Zhytomyr Oblast, northern Ukraine.
Claudio Gentile (Italian pronunciation: [ˈklaudjo dʒenˈtiːle]; born 27 September 1953 in Tripoli, Libya) is an Italian association football manager and former defender of the 1970s and 1980s.
Durham Region Transit (DRT) is the regional public transit operator in Durham Region, Ontario, Canada, east of Toronto. Its headquarters are at 605 Rossland Rd East in Whitby, Ontario, and there are regional centres in Ajax, Whitby, and Oshawa.
Snapdeal is an Indian e-commerce company based in New Delhi, India. The company was started by Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal in February 2010.
Love Insurance is a lost 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Donald Crisp, produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
Three Forbidden Stories () is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Augusto Genina.
Ri Sol-ju (Korean: 리설주; Hanja: 李雪主; born c. 1985–90) is the First Lady of North Korea and wife of North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un.
The Khmer Loves Khmer Party and its leader Hienh John Theo responded to that disaster in Burma by sending a message to the Burmese ambassador that the KLKP will donate $100 to the Red Cross Myanmar Relief and Development.
Isabelle Lucas was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, to a chef from Barbados who worked on the Canadian Pacific Railway.
The Traveler's Gift - Seven Decisions That Determine Personal Success is a book released in 2002 by author Andy Andrews.
Chikoida Mountain is a mountain on the Taku Plateau in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located 52 km (32 mi) southeast of Atlin on the east side of the Silver Salmon River.
Swiss Movement is a soul jazz live album recorded on June 21, 1969 at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland by the Les McCann trio, with saxophonist Eddie Harris and trumpeter Benny Bailey.
Wolfgang Niersbach (born 30 November 1950) is a German sports official and former sports journalist.
Glass Swords is the debut studio album by Scottish producer Russell Whyte under his alias of Rustie, released by Warp in 2011.
The Adventuress of Henrietta Street is a BBC Books original novel written by Lawrence Miles and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
All Souls' Chapel is a historic chapel attached to St. Peter's Cathedral in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Pennsylvania Route 410 (PA 410) is a state highway located in Jefferson and Clearfield Counties in Pennsylvania.
Richard Beauchamp (died 1481) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford and Bishop of Salisbury.
Fay Bainter and Reginald Venable married on June 8, 1921, in Riverside, California.
Kiruba was female pop music group from Ecuador.
Daniel Lee Yan-Kong (Chinese: 李仁港; pinyin: Lǐ Réngǎng; Jyutping: lei5 jan4 gong2) is a Hong Kong film director, screenwriter, assistant director, and art director.
Count Date Munemoto (伊達宗基, 24 August 1866 – 27 January 1917) was a Bakumatsu period Japanese samurai, and the 14th and final daimyō of Sendai Domain in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan, and the 30th hereditary chieftain of the Date clan.
Oglala Lakota College (OLC) is a public tribal community college in Kyle, South Dakota.
Port Taranaki is a port complex located in New Plymouth, New Zealand.
"The Before Columbus Foundation is a nonprofit organization founded in 1976 by Ishmael Reed, "" dedicated to the promotion and dissemination of contemporary American multicultural literature "" . ""."
The Madonna of Humility is a painting by Fra Angelico which belongs to the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum in Madrid and is conserved on loan at the National Art Museum of Catalonia.
Ella Koon Yun-na (born 9 July 1979) is a former Hong Kong Cantopop singer and semi-retired actress.
The Government Law College, Madurai is one of seven government law colleges in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Mehdi Dinvarzadeh (Persian: مهدی دینورزاده) is a retired Iranian footballer and football coach. He was the captain of the Iran national football team and Shahin F.C.
1998 Dakar Rally, also known as the 1998 Paris–Granada–Dakar Rally, was the 20th running of the Dakar Rally event.
Penn State Harrisburg, also called The Capital College, is an undergraduate college and graduate school of the Pennsylvania State University and it is located in Lower Swatara Township, 9 miles (15 km) south of Harrisburg.
Tennessee Gas Pipeline (TGPL) is a set of natural gas pipelines that run from the Texas and Louisiana coast through Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, and Pennsylvania to deliver natural gas in West Virginia, New Jersey, New York, and New England.
The Judge Steps Out is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Boris Ingster and written by Ingster and Alexander Knox.
John Cairney (born 16 February 1930) is a Scottish film and television actor who is well known to audiences in Scotland and internationally through his one-man shows on Robert Burns, Robert Louis Stevenson, Robert Service, Charles Rennie Mackintosh and William McGonagall.
Chehra is an Indian television suspense drama series which aired on STAR Plus in 2009.
Skipovac Donji (Cyrillic: Скиповац Доњи) is a village in the municipality of Gračanica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
An Olympus OM-10 with a Sigma-brand lens Olympus OM-10 (back) The Olympus OM-10 is a 35mm single-lens reflex camera model that was launched by Olympus Corporation in June 1979.
Philémon Cousineau (October 25, 1874 – March 3, 1959) was a Canadian politician born in Saint-Laurent (today part of Montreal).
Sajan (Boyfriend) is a 1947 Hindi romantic film directed by Kishore Sahu.
Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II – An 80th Birthday Portrait is a 2005 oil painting of Queen Elizabeth II by Rolf Harris, commissioned by the BBC for the Queen's 80th birthday.
South Carolina Highway 41 (SC 41) is a 121.5-mile (195.5 km) state highway, connecting the Charleston region with eastern portions of the Pee Dee region in South Carolina.
The Informant! is a 2009 American biographical-crime comedy film directed by Steven Soderbergh.
The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness is a book by Michelle Alexander, a civil rights litigator and legal scholar.
"Kesterson Reservoir Hospital Creek ""Westley, California (CA 95387) profile: population, maps, real estate, averages, homes, statistics, relocation, travel, jobs, hospitals, schools, crime, moving, houses, news, sex offenders""."
Janet Lee (, born October 22, 1976) is a Taiwanese-American retired tennis player.
PATTS College of Aeronautics, also known as Philippine Air Transport and Training Services, is an aeronautical school at Lombos Ave., Brgy. San Isidro, Parañaque City, Metro Manila, Philippines.
Cuerdley is a civil parish in Warrington, Cheshire, England. It has a population of 107 (2001 census) and much of its area is farmland.
Andrew Picken (1788 – 23 November 1833) was a Scottish novelist, who also wrote under the pseudonym Christopher Keelivine. Andrew Picken was born in Paisley, Scotland, the son of a rich clothing manufacturer.
Teresa Hurtado de Ory (born May 6, 1983 in Seville, Andalucía, Spain) is a Spanish actress.
Yvon Dupuis, PC (October 11, 1926 – January 1, 2017) was a Canadian politician. Born in Montreal, Dupuis was educated at Collège de Varennes in Longeuil, Quebec, and worked as an insurance agent and as the owner of two music stores prior to running for elected office.
""" From a Table Away "" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Sunny Sweeney."
Prior to winning the Dubai World Cup, Almutawakel won the 1998 Prix Jean Prat at Chantilly.
Carlos da Silva Costa (born November 3, 1949 in Oliveira de Azeméis) is a Portuguese economist and the current governor of the Bank of Portugal since June 7, 2010. Carlos Costa started his career in 1973 as a lecturer in economics at the University of Porto and graduated there.
Ploërdut () is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.
Bumbăta is a village in Ungheni District, Moldova.
Southbound is the second studio album by American folk music artist Doc Watson, released in 1966.
Sturgis Municipal Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 & nbsp;km) east of the central business district of Sturgis, a city in Union County, Kentucky, United States.
Józef Lipski (5 June 1894 – 1 November 1958) was a Polish diplomat and Ambassador to Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1939. Lipski played a key role in the foreign policy of the Second Polish Republic.
Himachal Pradesh Technical University is a Government University in Hamirpur, Himachal Pradesh, India, established in 2011.
The Capital City Weekly, or CCW as it is informally known, is a free regional weekly newspaper in Juneau — Alaska's capital.
Whom Gods Destroy is a 1996 four-issue comic book mini-series.
Harish Raj (Kannada: ಹರೀಶ್ ರಾಜ್; born 26 July) is an Indian film actor, television actor, and director based in Kannada Film Industry.
Haj Jomaa (Arabic: حاج جمعة‎) is a Syrian village located in Armanaz Nahiyah in Harem District, Idlib.
Father Goose's Year Book: Quaint Quacks and Feathered Shafts for Mature Children is a collection of humorous nonsense poetry written by L.
WCGA (1100 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format. Licensed to Woodbine, Georgia, United States, the station serves the Brunswick, Georgia/Fernandina Beach, Florida area.
Tono Stano (born 24 March 1960 in Zlaté Moravce, now Slovakia) is an art photographer living and working in Prague, Czech Republic.
Cyd Zeigler Jr (born in Harwich, Massachusetts) is a commentator and author in the field of sexuality and sports.
Lepenica is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han, Serbia.
Sawały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The length of the neotropical otter can range from 90-150 centimetres (35-59 in), of which the tail comprises about a third.
Globes (Hebrew: גלובס‎) is a Hebrew-language daily evening financial newspaper, the largest and the oldest of its kind in Israel.
Miloš Mihajlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Михајловић) (born 1 June 1978 in Niš, Serbia) is a Serbian pianist and university professor.
The Grey Album is a mashup album by Danger Mouse, released in 2004.
Huston–Tillotson University (HTU) is a private historically black university in Austin, Texas.
Santiago Blanco Gil (born 13 June 1974 in Puerto de Béjar) is a former Spanish racing cyclist.
Siheyuans, the city's traditional housing style, and hutongs, the narrow alleys between siheyuans, are major tourist attractions and are common in urban Beijing.
Laurence Anholt (born 4 August 1959) is an English author/illustrator of more than 200 books in over 30 languages, covering a wide age range, from picture books to adult fiction.
Torrente 3: El protector is a 2005 Spanish black comedy film directed, written, produced and starring Santiago Segura as the lead character, Spanish cop José Luis Torrente.
KHCB (1400 AM) is a radio station owned by Houston Christian Broadcasters, Inc., which is licensed to League City, Texas, United States and serves Greater Houston.
William Faith (born August 28, 1967) is an American goth/punk musician. He is a former member of the gothic bands Rozz Williams' Christian Death, Shadow Project, Mephisto Walz and briefly as support for Sex Gang Children during a one off performance in 1993 at The Roxy Theatre.
Argañín (Spanish pronunciation: [aɾɣaˈɲin]) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.
Jaime Lazcano Escolá (30 December 1909 & ndash; 1 June 1983), was a Spanish footballer who played as a midfielder for Real Madrid, Atlético Madrid and Spain during the 1920s and 1930s.
Woolpit Green is a hamlet in Suffolk, England near the village of Woolpit.
WVRI (90.9 FM) is a Contemporary Christian-formatted non-commercial educational broadcast radio station licensed to Clifton Forge, Virginia, serving Alleghany County, Virginia.
The Armed Boats Squadron Dubrovnik () was a volunteer unit of the Croatian Navy that ran the naval blockade during the siege of Dubrovnik which formed part of the Croatian War of Independence in 1991–1992.
Belfast is a cover album by folk metal artists Mägo de Oz, which was released in 2004.
Ronald O. Loveridge is the former mayor of Riverside, California, United States. He resides in Riverside with his wife Marsha and has two adult children.
Tunnelbacken previously named Ålidbacken is a residential area in Umeå, Sweden.
Andy Hicks (born 10 August 1973 in Tavistock, Devon, England) is an English professional snooker player.
Alincourt is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.
Smolajny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Dusha (Russian: Душа, English translation: Soul) is a 1981 Soviet musical drama film written by Alexander Borodyansky and directed by Alexander Stefanovich, starring Sofia Rotaru and Mikhail Boyarsky.
Denise Hanke (born August 31, 1989) is a German volleyball player. She is a member of the Germany women's national volleyball team and is playing for Schweriner SC.
Mehdi Hamama (; born May 7, 1985) is an Algerian swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.
Kahaloo Model High School (Bengali: কাহালু মডেল উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is the oldest high school in Kahaloo Upazila of Bogra District, Bangladesh.
Zagościniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołomin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Almost Sunrise is a 2016 American documentary film directed by Michael Collins and produced by Marty Syjuco.
Bergkvara is a locality situated in Torsås Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden, with 940 inhabitants in 2010.
Geoffrey Toone (15 November 1910 – 1 June 2005) was an English character actor and former matinee idol, born in Ireland.
KLDG is a radio station airing a Country music format licensed to Liberal, Kansas, broadcasting on 102.7 & nbsp;MHz FM.
The Kaub Formation is a geologic formation in Germany.
Ahmad Zia Massoud (Dari: احمد ضیاء مسعود‎, born May 1, 1956) was the Vice President of Afghanistan in the first elected administration of President Hamid Karzai, from December 2004 to November 2009.
WOKN (99.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Southport, New York, United States, the station serves the Elmira-Corning area.
The Zhumabao Formation is a geological formation in Shanxi, China whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous.
Nikoličevo is a village in the municipality of Zaječar, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 833 people.
Marcelle Chantal (1901–1960) was a French stage and film actress.
Edward Earle Marsh (December 20, 1929 – May 29, 2004) was an American actor, musician, adult film director and star. He is principally known by his stage name Zebedy Colt.
Merry Ole Soul is a Christmas album by American jazz pianist and arranger Duke Pearson, featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
Miriam Lord (born 1962) is an Irish journalist and political sketch writer employed by The Irish Times newspaper.
"Bennet Nathaniel Lubell, known as "" Nate "" (August 15, 1916 & ndash; September 17, 2006) was an American three-time Olympian fencer. Lubell was born in New York City, and was Jewish."
Karehgah-ye Pain (Persian: کره گه پايين‎, also Romanized as Karehgah-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Nolan Helmets SpA is an Italian motorcycle helmet firm founded in 1972 by Lander Nocchi, an entrepreneur in the motorcycle and car accessory sectors.
Zou Kai (simplified Chinese: 邹凯; traditional Chinese: 鄒凱; pinyin: Zōu Kǎi; born February 25, 1988 in Luzhou, Sichuan) is a five-time Olympic and five-time World champion Chinese gymnast, specializing in floor exercise and the horizontal bar.
Garrett Strommen is an American actor, entrepreneur, author, and visual artist born on October 8, 1982 in St. Louis, Missouri.
Jedan dan života (Serbian Cyrillic: Један дан живота; transl. One Day of Life) is a collaborative maxi single by Yugoslav singers Lepa Brena and Miroslav Ilić.
Thamud District () is a district of the Hadhramaut Governorate, Yemen.
The Community Action Party was a minor political party in the United Kingdom, mostly active in Greater Manchester and Merseyside.
Shankar Guru is a 1978 Indian Kannada-language film directed by V.
Rahabah District is a district of the Ma'rib Governorate, Yemen.
Birdman Anthology (鳥人大系, Chōjin Taikei) is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1971.
Bradwell Waterside is a small hamlet in Essex, England.
alt=Vincent Cespedes (2016)|Vincent Cespedes Vincent Cespedes (born 14 September 1973 in Aubervilliers, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French philosopher, writer and composer.
Clay Greenbush (born 1968) is an American actor and former child actor.
Lakes Region Community College (LRCC) is a community college in Laconia, New Hampshire, United States.
FireDaemon Pro is an operating system service management application.
Wola Krakowiańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Red Spot (original German: Der Rote Punkt, original Japanese: 赤い点) is a German-Japanese film, marking the feature film debut of writer and director Marie Miyayama, who is the first Japanese student at the University of Television and Film Munich.
Maya Miriga, English The Mirage) is a 1984 award-winning Oriya film directed by Nirad N. Mohapatra.
Faten Zahran Mohammed (; born October 11, 1955 in Cairo) is an Egyptian biochemist and environmental biologist, cancer biologist and toxicologist known for her work on the anti-tumoral effects of snake venom and iodoacetate.
Jeevitha Nouka () is a 1951 Malayalam film directed by K.
Durazno (a.k.a. Apricot) is a documentary film directed by Yashira Jordan.
Jeong Yeon-shik (born August 6, 1967) is a South Korean film director, screenwriter and web-cartoon artist.
John Smith is a lost 1922 American silent comedy film produced and distributed by Selznick Pictures and directed by Victor Heerman.
The Eastern Mennonite Royals (also EMU Royals) are the athletic teams that represent Eastern Mennonite University, located in Harrisonburg, Virginia, in NCAA Division III intercollegiate sports.
Jesse Ball (born June 7, 1978) is an American novelist and poet.
The Letoon (Ancient Greek: Λητῶον), sometimes Latinized as Letoum, was a sanctuary of Leto near the ancient city Xanthos in Lycia.
Jean-Michel Badiane (born 9 May 1983, in Paris) is a French football defender of Senegalese descent, last playing for Ligue 2 side CS Sedan Ardennes.
"""The Answer's at the End"" is a song by English rock musician George Harrison, released in 1975 on his final album for Apple Records, Extra Texture (Read All About It)."
Franco Lovignana (born November 22, 1957) is the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Aosta.
"WARU-FM (101.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Roann, Indiana, United States, broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary (""Lite Rock"") format."
Blanket on the Ground is the seventh studio album by country singer Billie Jo Spears, released in 1974 on the United Artists label.
High School Musical is the soundtrack of the Disney Channel Original Movie of the same name.
Inside is the fourteenth studio album by Ronnie Milsap, released in 1982 by RCA Records.
{{Infobox comics character | character_name = Damage | image = DamagePunisher.jpg | imagesize = | converted = y | caption = Damage in Wolverine and The Punisher: Damaging Evidence Vol.
"Death Knights of Krynn is the second in a three-part series of Dragonlance Advanced Dungeons & Dragons ""Gold Box"" role-playing video games, published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. The game was released in 1991."
The Railers are an American country band based out of Nashville, Tennessee, United States. The band is composed of brothers and Missouri natives Jordan and Jonathan Lawson, & Arizona native Cassandra Lawson.
Natalie Hays Hammond (1904–1985) was an American artist, author, and inventor.
Jimmy D'Anda is an American hard rock drummer who is perhaps best known as the original drummer for the Los Angeles glam metal band, BulletBoys.
Félix Édouard Guérin-Méneville, also known as F. E. Guerin, (12 October 1799 Toulon – 26 January 1874 Paris) was a French entomologist.
Purple Rain is a 1984 American rock musical drama film directed by Albert Magnoli, written by Magnoli and William Blinn, and produced by Robert Cavallo, Joseph Ruffalo and Steven Fargnoli.
Mika Yamauchi (山内 美加 Yamauchi Mika, born October 7, 1969) is a former volleyball player from Japan, who was a member of the Japan Women's National Team.
WCDS (1230 AM) is a radio station that broadcasts a sports radio format. The station is licensed to Glasgow, Kentucky, and serves the Glasgow/Bowling Green radio market, including the Cave region of west-central Kentucky.
Dasharatha Sharma (1903–1976) was an Indologist with particular interest in the history of the Rajasthan region of India.
Arthur J. Pierce was the head football coach for the Middlebury College Panthers football team in 1909.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning (née Moulton-Barrett, /ˈbraʊnɪŋ/; 6 March 1806 – 29 June 1861) was an English poet of the Victorian era, popular in Britain and the United States during her lifetime.
Samer al-Masry, also spelled Samer al-Masri, (; born 3 August 1969 in Damascus, Syria) is a Syrian actor.
Rocheworld -- > Marooned on Eden (1993), is a science fiction novel by Robert L. Forward, Forward, Robert L collaborating with his wife, Martha Dodson Forward.
KZMQ-FM (100.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Greybull, Wyoming, United States, the station is currently owned by the Big Horn Radio Network, a division of Legend Communications of Wyoming, LLC.
Thérèse is a film about the life of Saint Thérèse of Lisieux. It was first released in 1986, and directed by Alain Cavalier.
I Luv Money Records is a German hip hop record label, founded in 2001 by King Orgasmus One, Bass Sultan Hengzt, D-Bo and Bushido.
Scott Avett was born in 1976 in Cheyenne, Wyoming to Jim Avett and Susan (Gleason) Avett of Concord, North Carolina.
American Zoetrope (also known as Zoetrope Studios from 1979 until 1990) is a privately run American film production company, centered in San Francisco, California and founded by Francis Ford Coppola and George Lucas.
Armaan Kohli (born 23 March 1972) is an Indian actor. He is the son of film director Rajkumar Kohli and actress Nishi.
Daybehavior is a Swedish indie-pop trio, founded in Stockholm, in 1993 by Tommy Arell, Paulinda Crescentini and Carl Hammar.
Kokaiinum is the fourth studio album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed.
Ma Jianrong ( born 1965) is a Chinese billionaire businessman in the textile industry. Ma is the chairman of Shenzhou International Group Holdings Limited, a knitwear and garments manufacturer that is based in China.
Xu Zechen (Chinese: 徐则臣; pinyin: Xú Zéchén; born in 1978 in Donghai County, Jiangsu) is a Chinese author of literary fiction.
Saint-Médard-de-Guizières is a commune in the Gironde department of Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
All Men Are Enemies is a 1934 American pre-Code drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and written by Lenore J.
The Ocozocoautla Formation is a geologic formation in Mexico.
This is Hope (2004) is the third album from Scottish indie band Mull Historical Society. This Is Hope was inspired by a two-month visit to the United States, ending in New Orleans.
Run the Tide is a 2016 drama film directed by Soham Mehta, written by Rajiv Shah, and starring Taylor Lautner, Constance Zimmer, Kenny Johnson and Johanna Braddy.
Tony Pittman (born August 5, 1971 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American former college football player.
Ayana Tsubaki (椿姫 彩菜, Tsubaki Ayana, born 15 July 1984 in Tokyo) is a Japanese transgender TV personality and fashion model.
Rüdiger Kuhlbrodt is a German film and theatre actor and director.
Susanna of Bavaria (2 April 1502 – 23 April 1543) was a German noblewoman. Born in Munich, she was the daughter of Albert IV, Duke of Bavaria, and Kunigunde of Austria, herself the daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Frederick III and Eleanor of Portugal.
Michel Boujenah (born 3 November 1952) is a French-Tunisian Jewish actor, comedian, film director and screenwriter.
Leonid Vysheslavsky (Ukrainian: Леонід Миколайович Вишеславський; born March 18, 1914, Nikolayev, died December 26, 2002, Kyiv) was a Ukrainian Soviet poet, literary critic and translator.
Real was a Hindi entertainment channel launched by Turner International India in a 50:50 joint venture with Alva Brothers Entertainment on 2 March 2009 based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
Howard Cai is a Chinese food critic, whisky expert and international food judge.
Charlotte Zwerin (born Charlotte Mitchell, August 15, 1931January 22, 2004) was an American documentary film director and editor known for her work concerning artists and musicians.
Alabanur is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Darcy Rose Byrnes (born November 4, 1998) is an American actress.
Triggerfinger is a Belgian rock band from Lier, Belgium, formed in 1998. The band consists of vocalist and guitarist Ruben Block, bassist Paul Van Bruystegem and Mario Goossens (formerly of Winterville) as drummer.
Walters State Community College (WSCC or Walters State) is a public community college in Morristown, Tennessee.
The Fall of the Titans is an oil painting of the Titanomachy by the Dutch painter Cornelis van Haarlem in 1588–1590.
Promises is the fourth studio album by The Boxer Rebellion, released worldwide on 13 May 2013.
Bárbara Evans Clark (born May 22, 1991) is a Brazilian model and actress, best known for being the winner of the sixth season of the Brazilian version of The Farm.
Last Call () is a 1995 Dutch and Belgian drama film directed by Frans Weisz.
The Blockhouse is a 1973 drama film directed by Clive Rees and starring Peter Sellers and Charles Aznavour.
Hristo Zahariev () is a Bulgarian professional basketball player who plays for the Levski Lukoil.
Lombardi Media Corporation is a holding company that owns a group of businesses concentrated in publishing, digital media, customer contact services, consumer goods, direct marketing and product fulfillment.
Ryo Yoshizawa (吉沢 亮, Yoshizawa Ryō, born February 1, 1994) is a Japanese actor.
Peter Mathews (August 1951 – 27 February 2017) was an Irish economic commentator and politician.
Nadia Hussain () is a Pakistani television actress, host, model entrepreneur and fashion designer.
Ottmar von Mohl (17 January 1846 – 23 March 1922) was a German diplomat and government advisor in Meiji period Japan. Ottmar von Mohl, born in Tübingen, Germany was the son of famous jurist Robert von Mohl.
Vukovo Selo is a village in Croatia.
The 369th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
The Cannonball Adderley Sextet in New York is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded at the Village Vanguard and released on the Riverside label featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley, Yusef Lateef, Joe Zawinul, Sam Jones and Louis Hayes.
"K256AS (99.1 FM, "" PoP 99.1 "" ) is a relay transmitter in Honolulu, Hawaii."
Valery Aleksandrovich Gavrilin (Russian: Валерий Александрович Гаврилин, (17 August 1939 – 28 January 1999) was a Soviet and Russian composer. Valery Gavrilin was born in 1939 in Vologda.
Justin Hicks (born October 28, 1974) is an American professional golfer. He graduated from the University of Michigan and currently plays on the Web.com Tour.
Trial and Error is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Jonathan Lynn and starring Michael Richards, Jeff Daniels and Charlize Theron.
Coordinates: 40°38′26.83″N 74°0′3.54″W﻿ / ﻿40.6407861°N 74.0009833°W﻿ / 40.6407861; -74.0009833 John J. Pershing Intermediate School 220, is a public middle school located at 4812 Ninth Avenue in the Sunset Park neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.
Opus is a 2006 play written by Michael Hollinger.
"""Gelobt sei Gott im höchsten Thron"" (literally: Praised be God on highest throne) is a hymn for Easter in 20 stanzas in German by Michael Weiße, widely known with a later melody by Melchior Vulpius."
Flies Inside the Sun were a band from New Zealand. They formed in 1993, and consisted of Kim Pieters, Peter Stapleton, Danny Butt, and Brian Crook.
South Point High School is a public high school in South Point, Ohio.
Eddy Casteels (born 19 August 1960) is a Belgian former basketball player and current coach, currently of the Leuven Bears.
Dhari Said Abdullah (Arabic: ضاري سعيد مبروك عبد الله‎) is a Kuwaiti footballer who plays as a defender for Qadsia SC in the Kuwaiti Premier League.
Sir Allan Maclean, 3rd Baronet of Morvern (1645–1674) was the 19th Clan Chief of Clan Maclean from 1651 to 1674. He married then had as his son: Sir John Maclean, 4th Baronet.
The Guilty is thriller novel written by David Baldacci.
Brad Pyatt. pro-football-reference.com Pyatt’s NFL career also included playing for the St. Louis Rams, Miami Dolphins, and Pittsburgh Steelers.
Mercedes Erra is a French business woman who was born 23 September 1954 in Sabadell. She is the Executive President of Havas Worldwide (formerly Euro RSCG Worldwide), Co-Founder of BETC, and Managing Director of Havas.
Zoom Airlines Inc. was a Canadian low-fare scheduled transatlantic airline with its headquarters in the Place Bell Canada building in Ottawa, Ontario.
Yutaka Ikejima (池島ゆたか, Ikejima Yutaka, or 池嶋ゆたか; born March 30, 1948) is a Japanese film director, actor, and producer.
The members of Avius were Sebastian Brice (guitar and vocals), Adam DT (bass guitar and vocals) and Bertie Whitfield (drums).
Damian Zbozień (born 25 April 1989) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Arka Gdynia, as a defender or defensive midfielder. Born in Limanowa, Zbozień began his career as a youth player for Zyndram Łącko.
Eyal Levi was born on May 22, 1979 in Cleveland, Ohio. Levi is the guitarist and co-writer for Roadrunner Records industrial/death metal band, Dååth.
Pickens County Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located four miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Pickens, in Pickens County, South Carolina, United States.
Anne Grete Preus (22 May 1957 – 25 August 2019) was a Norwegian rock singer in Norway in the 1980s and 1990s, first as member of the bands Veslefrikk and Can Can and later as a solo act.
Self (stylized as sElf or SeLF) is an American alternative pop/rock band from Murfreesboro, Tennessee. The band is led by Matt Mahaffey.
Atomic Tangerine is an American rock band. The band's lineup consists of vocalist/rhythm guitarist Joshua Snyder, lead guitarist Aton Ben-Horin, bassist Jacob Morton, and drummer Mike Rollo.
Panait Cerna (Romanian pronunciation: [panaˈit ˈt͡ʃerna]; Bulgarian: Панайот Черна, Panayot Cherna, born Panayot Stanchov or Panait Staciov; August 26 or September 25, 1881 – March 26, 1913) was a Romanian poet, philosopher, literary critic and translator.
Leaving the Atocha Station (2011) is the debut novel by American poet and critic Ben Lerner.
Nakasongola Airport (IATA: n/a, ICAO: n/a) is an airport in Uganda.
Princess Maria of Romania (Maria von Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, 8 September 1870 – 9 April 1874) was the only child of Carol I of Romania and his wife, Elisabeth of Wied.
Kreštelovac is a village in Croatia.
Robert Townsend (born February 6, 1957) is an American actor, director, comedian, and writer.
Cybotech Campus is an educational Institute, located in Patna, Bihar, India.
Maximilian Salzmann (9 December 1862, in Vienna – 17 April 1954, in Graz) was an Austrian ophthalmologist.
Rock Odyssey is an animated feature film produced by Hanna-Barbera for a theatrical release in 1987. Directed by Robert Taylor (but credited to William Hanna and Joseph Barbera on the final print), MUBI with storyboards by Pete Alvarado.
"Ääniä Yössä (Finnish for "" sounds (or voices) in the night "" ) is the fifth full-length studio album by the black metal band Horna."
Appavin Meesai (English: My father's moustasche) is a Tamil drama film directed by Rohini.
Raja Jitamitra Malla (Nepali: जितामित्र मल्ल) (1663–1696) was a Malla Dynasty King of Bhaktapur, Nepal from 1673 to 1696.
Fustel was born in Almería, Spain on 22 September 1932. His real name was Leopoldo Anchóriz Fustel, but his stage name 'Leo Anchóriz' was instead used in films, appearing in some credits in English as 'Leo Anchoris'.
Harku (German: Hark) is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Harku Parish, Harju County, northern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 868, of which the Estonians were 539 (62.1%).
David Loud (born November 28, 1961, in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American music supervisor, music director, conductor, vocal and dance arranger, pianist and actor.
Air Horizon, formerly known as Transtel Togo, Flight International 27 March 2007 was an airline based in Lomé, Togo operating flights within Africa, the Middle East and Asia out of Lomé-Tokoin Airport.
João Ratão is a 1940 Portuguese film directed by Jorge Brum do Canto and starring Óscar de Lemos, Maria Domingas and António Silva.
The Inner Circle is a 1991 drama film by Russian director Andrei Konchalovsky, telling the story of Joseph Stalin's private projectionist and KGB officer Ivan Sanchin (real name Alex Ganchin) between 1939 and 1953, Stalin's year of death.
"Mulher na Montanha (Portuguese for "" Woman on the Mountain "" ) is the third studio album by Brazilian psychedelic rock band Violeta de Outono."
Trackshittaz were an Austrian hip-hop band from Mühlviertel, made up of Lukas Plöchl (a.k.a.
Zarrin Derakht (, also Romanized as Zarrīn Derakht) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.
"""Nobody Wins"" is a song recorded by American country music artist Radney Foster, co-written by himself and Kim Richey."
Gotita de gente (English: Droplet People), is a Mexican telenovela child produced by Valentín Pimstein for Televisa in 1978.
WVWP-LP is a Classic rock and Blues formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Wayne, West Virginia.
Jennifer Monserrate is an Indian Politician from the state of Goa.She is a second term member from Taleigao Constituency of the Goa Legislative Assembly She is the incumbent Cabinet Minister for Revenue, IT, Labour and Employment under the Chief Minister of Dr. Pramod Sawant.
Frank Hsieh (traditional Chinese: 謝長廷; simplified Chinese: 谢长廷; pinyin: Xiè Chángtíng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Siā Tiông-têng / Chiā Tiông-têng; born May 18, 1946) is a Taiwanese politician and former defense attorney.
Jude Aneke (born April 23, 1990 in Enugu) is a Nigerian forward playing for Ikorodu United F.C.
Patrik Machač (born April 23, 1994) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for HC Kladno of the Czech Extraliga.
Hurricane Ignacio was the latest-forming first hurricane of a Pacific hurricane season since reliable satellite observation began in 1966.
Steal This Movie! is a 2000 American biographical film directed by Robert Greenwald and written by Bruce Graham, based on a number of books, including To America with Love: Letters From the Underground by Anita and Abbie Hoffman and Abbie Hoffman: American Rebel by Marty Jezer.
Three Cheers is a “new musical entertainment” (musical comedy) in two acts, with book by Anne Caldwell and R. H. Burnside, lyrics by Anne Caldwell, and music by Raymond Hubbell with additional lyrics by Lew Brown and B. G. DeSylva and additional music by Ray Henderson.
WR 134 is a variable Wolf-Rayet star located around 6,000 light years away from Earth in the constellation of Cygnus, surrounded by a faint bubble nebula blown by the intense radiation and fast wind from the star.
Frank J. Fleming is an American columnist, author, and satirist.
The Modern Art Foundry is an historic foundry in Astoria, Queens, New York City, founded in 1932 by John Spring.
Le isterie di Jennifer (2012) is a poetry collection by Marco Di Meco.
Claire Utley (born 11 February 1979) is an English former football defender, best known for her long association with Doncaster Rovers Belles. Utley represented England five times at senior international level.
Terry Evans (August 14, 1937 & ndash; January 20, 2018) was an American R & B, blues, and soul singer, guitarist and songwriter.
Leni Christina Elisabeth Björklund (born 5 July 1944) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician. Leni Björklund grew up in Örebro.
Condemned Women is a 1938 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Lionel Houser.
The Häfeli DH-4 was a Swiss fighter prototype in the late 1910s, build by the Eidgenoessische Konstruktionswerkstaette.
Eduardo González Viaña (born November 13, 1941 in Chepén, La Libertad, Peru) is a writer and professor of Spanish at Western Oregon University.
Newton Valence is a village and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England.
Mike Got Spiked is an Irish rock band, from Dublin, Ireland, formed in 2002 by Conall McMahon (guitar/Backing vocals), Gavin McGuire (vocals), David E. Lodge (drums/backing vocalist) and Jonathan Myles (bass).
Killian Larson (born February 21, 1991) is an American retired basketball player.
Born in Derby, Connecticut, he played college football at the College of the Holy Cross. & pid=173018270 Andy Natowich's obituary.
Rajeev Govinda Pillai (born 18 February 1982) is an Indian film actor from Malayalam cinema.
Block-Heads is a 1938 comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy.
The Minnesota Pipe Line (or MPL) is a crude oil pipeline that runs from Clearbrook, Minnesota southward to the Twin Cities.
Katariina Lahti (born 13 October 1949) is a Finnish film director and screenwriter.
Károly Horváth (26 October 1950 – 4 November 2015) was a Romania-born composer and musician.
I Will Stand by You: The Essential Collection is a greatest hits collection by American country music duo The Judds.
Korabina [kɔraˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanów, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Vannakulam is a small town in Sri Lanka.
The Hannover C.IV was a prototype escort fighter built in Germany during World War I, which formed the basis for a passenger aircraft following the war.
Nekunam Puram is a village and is part of valetivari Palem mandal and Kandukur taaluk in Prakasam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Family Tree is a documentary-style television comedy created by Christopher Guest and Jim Piddock.
Raman Munjal Vidya Mandir is an educational institution located in Sidhrawali Village in the Gurgaon District of Haryana, India.
Faton Macula is a Kosovo-born Albanian Jazz guitarist.
Playlist: The Very Best of Sara Evans is the second compilation album from Sara Evans, after 2007's Greatest Hits, released as part of the Legacy Recordings Playlist series.
The Comrades of Summer is a 1992 television film featuring Joe Mantegna and Natalya Negoda. It was directed by Tommy Lee Wallace, written by Robert Rodat and aired on HBO on July 11, 1992.
Apeejay Institute of Design or AID is a design institute in New Delhi.
What Remains is a 2003 photography book by Sally Mann.
Tatiyah (Arabic: طاطية‎) is a village in northern Aleppo Governorate, northwestern Syria.
Sandipan Chattopadhyay (25 October 1933 – 12 December 2005) was an Indian Bengali writer.
Uber Geek is the fourth studio album by Luke Ski.
Garry McMahon (31 August 1937 – 5 March 2008) was an Irish sportsperson. He played Gaelic football with his local club Listowel Emmets and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from the 1958 until 1962.
David Saint-Jacques (in Quebec: [davɪd sẽɪ̯̃nʒã(ŋ)k̚], French pronunciation: ​[david sɛ̃ʒak]; born January 6, 1970) is a Canadian astronaut with the Canadian Space Agency (CSA).
Dan Vapid and the Cheats are a pop punk band from Chicago that features former members of Screeching Weasel, The Riverdales, The Methadones, Noise By Numbers, The Vindictives, Sludgeworth and The Bomb.
Suvaja is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 367 people.
Just Buried is a Canadian dark comedy film written and directed by Chaz Thorne.
Kiuma is a village in Põlva Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
Heather Bellson is a television producer and writer.
Bam Sareh (Persian: بام ساره‎, also Romanized as Bām Sāreh) is a village in Hombarat Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.
Reet, Petite, and Gone is a 1947 American musical race film directed in his feature film debut by short subject director William Forest Crouch that was produced and released by Astor Pictures.
Anne-François-Louis Janmot (21 May 1814 – 1 June 1892) was a French painter and poet.
Kyffhäuserland is a municipality in the district Kyffhäuserkreis, in Thuringia, Germany.
"""Horror Business"" is the third single released by the American horror punk band Misfits."
Stephen Root (born November 17, 1951) is an American actor and voice actor.
Paris – Soweto is a 1987 album by the South African mbaqanga group Mahlathini and the Mahotella Queens.
(Dis)Honesty: The Truth About Lies is a 2015 feature-length documentary film directed by Yael Melamede.
WHLI (1100 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Hempstead, New York, and serving Long Island.
Janne Pöyhönen, better known by his stage name Raappana, is a Finnish reggae artist from Lahti.
Sault Ste. Marie Municipal Airport , also known as Sanderson Field, is a city-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 & nbsp;km) southwest of the central business district of Sault Ste.
CFMC-FM, known on air as C95, is a Canadian radio station in the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Choryń () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
"KNCO-FM (94.1 FM, "" Star 94 FM "" ) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format. Licensed to Grass Valley, California, United States, it serves the Marysville/Yuba City and the Grass Valley/Nevada City area."
Song of the Sea (Portuguese: O Canto do Mar) is a 1952 Brazilian drama film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and starring Luiz Andrade.
The shoebill is a tall bird, with a typical height range of 110 to 140 cm (43 to 55 in) and some specimens reaching as much as 152 cm (60 in).
Southside High School is a comprehensive public high school in Fort Smith, Arkansas, United States.
Paper Flowers () is a 1977 Mexican drama film directed by Gabriel Retes.
Dharmatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Pankajavalli () is a 1947 black-and-white Indian mythological and biographical film directed by S. Soundararajan and produced by Tamil Nadu Talkies. The script was by S. Soundararajan Ayyangar.
"Nous Autres (Quebec French for "" We "" ) is a live album by Fred Frith and René Lussier recorded in October 1986 at the 4th Festival International de Musique Actuelle de Victoriaville in Victoriaville, Quebec, Canada."
Ona Galdikaitė also known as Sesuo Marija Augustinos (Sister Mary Augustina) (1898-1990) was a Lithuanian poet, nun and dissident.
Something Wicked is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band Nuclear Assault, released on February 23, 1993 by I.R.S.
Riberalta is a town in the Beni Department in northern Bolivia, situated where the Madre de Dios River joins the Beni River.
At Latl is a band based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Members include Kent Watson(Guitar/Vocals/Synth/Bass), Dan Mahony(Bass/Vocals/Guitar), and Kevin Christensen(Drums/Studio Percussion).
Genetikk is a German hip hop group from Saarbrücken, Germany. Members Kappa and Sikk formed the group in 2009 and have since released five studio albums.
Green, whom he married on December 27, 2004.Wallace struggled with depression, alcoholism, drug addiction, and suicidal tendencies, with recurrent psychiatric hospitalizations.
Cheshmeh-ye Sib Deli Gerdu Sofla (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Sīb Delī Gerdū Soflá) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Charles Keith Linney (26 August 1912 & ndash; 12 October 1992) played first-class cricket for Somerset from 1931 to 1937.
Sebelas Maret University (Indonesian: Universitas Sebelas Maret; it is colloquially known as UNS or UNS Solo) is an Indonesian public university in the suburban area of Surakarta, Central Java, Indonesia.
Mézières-sur-Ponthouin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
"""Heartbreak Town"" is a song written by Darrell Scott, and recorded by American country music group Dixie Chicks."
The Maids () is a 1975 British film that was directed by Christopher Miles.
Tango () is a 1969 Bulgarian drama film directed by Vasil Mirchev.
The Light at the End of the Tunnel is a double compilation album by the Damned, released by MCA in 1987 as a retrospective collection.
Edwards Group stratigraphic column in Texas The Edwards Group is a geologic group in Texas.
CBD-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 91.3 MHz from Saint John, New Brunswick and is the local Radio One station of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Blackrock is a play by Australian playwright Nick Enright that was first performed in 1995.
Mind Transfer is a science fiction novel by Janet Asimov (as Janet Jeppson Asimov), published by Walker Publishing Company, Inc. in 1988.
Kalipada Ghoshal (Bengali: কালিপদ ঘোষাল) Kali-Pado meaning who is under Mother Goddess Kali. He was an illustrious student of the Indian Society of Oriental Art and the last successor of Abanindranath Tagore's Bengal school of art.
Baryeh (Persian: بريه‎) is a village in Duzaj Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.
"WRNB (100.3 MHz, ""100.3 WRNB"") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Media, Pennsylvania in the Philadelphia/Delaware Valley radio market."
Strange Invaders is a 1983 American science fiction film directed and co-written by Michael Laughlin, and stars Paul Le Mat, Nancy Allen and Diana Scarwid.
He was the third son of Landgrave Frederick V and his wife Caroline of Hesse-Darmstadt, who was a daughter of Landgrave Louis IX of Hesse-Darmstadt and Countess Palatine Caroline of Zweibrücken, who had received the nickname the Great Landgravine from Johann Wolfgang Goethe.
Marike de Klerk (; 29 March 1937 – 3 December 2001) was the First Lady of South Africa, as the wife of State President Frederik Willem de Klerk, from 1989-1994.
The Colony is a professional wrestling stable, best known for performing for Chikara.
Rayani Air Sdn. (doing business as Rayani Air; Jawi: , ) was a full-service airline in Malaysia, headquartered in Shah Alam, Selangor, in the Kuala Lumpur metropolitan area.
The Mystery of the Leaping Fish is a 1916 American short silent comedy film starring Douglas Fairbanks, Bessie Love, and Alma Rubens. Directed by John Emerson, the story was written by Tod Browning with intertitles by Anita Loos.
Christina is a lost 1929 part talkie starring Janet Gaynor and directed by William K. Howard.
Anita Lobel (née Kempler; born June 2, 1934) is a Polish-American illustrator of children's books, including On Market Street, written by her husband Arnold Lobel and a Caldecott Honor Book for illustration, A New Coat for Anna, Alison's Zinnia, and This Quiet Lady.
Its best-selling product in 1971 was the Am2505, the fastest multiplier available. In 1971, AMD entered the RAM chip market, beginning with the Am3101, a 64-bit bipolar RAM.
Long John Silver is the seventh studio album by the American rock band Jefferson Airplane, and their last album of all new material until 1989.
Owen Moran (born 4 October 1884 in Birmingham, England – died 17 March 1949) was an English boxer.
Enda Walsh (born 1967) is an Irish playwright.
The Jandaya parakeet can live 30 years in captivity.
Introducing Kenny Burrell is the debut album by American jazz guitarist Kenny Burrell, recorded in 1956 and released by Blue Note Records.
Fluxbox is a stacking window manager for the X Window System, which started as a fork of Blackbox 0.61.1 in 2001, with the same aim to be lightweight.
Isabelle Wendling (born 30 January 1971, in Boulay-Moselle) is a French handball player and member of a former World Champion France national team.
"The Ratzinger Foundation, also known as The Pope Benedict XVI Foundation, is a charitable organization whose aim is "" the promotion of theology in the spirit of Joseph Ratzinger. ""."
Gložje is a village in the municipality of Bosilegrad, Serbia.
The Adventure of Iron Pussy (Thai: หัวใจทรนง, romanized: Hua jai tor ra nong) is a 2003 Thai musical-action-comedy film written and directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul and Michael Shaowanasai and starring Shaowanasai.
The Stuttgart Formation is a geologic formation in Germany.
The Hit Factory Volume 3 is a compilation album collecting the biggest hits of the award-winning British music production trio Stock Aitken Waterman during their most successful era.
Ciez is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France. At the 1999 census, the population was 388.
Shraman Jain (also known as Srman Jain) is an Indian actor who works mainly in the Indian Television circuit.
The Emperor's Code is the eighth book in The 39 Clues series written by Gordon Korman.
Glyn Clifford Taylor (born 24 August 1953) is an Australian former motorcycle speedway rider, who went on to a career building and curating speedway tracks, tuning engines, and in speedway promotion and team management. Glyn Taylor was born in Cardiff, Wales in 1953.
Akira Amano (天野 明, Amano Akira, born 1973) is a Japanese mangaka known for the shōnen series Reborn!.
Audionom is a krautrock and space rock band from Sweden.
Västkustens hjältar is a 1940 Swedish drama film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
In Old Florida is an American silent film produced by Kalem Company and directed by Sidney Olcott with Gene Gauntier in the leading role.
Benjamin Curtis (September 23, 1978 – December 29, 2013) was an American guitarist, drummer, and songwriter. He was a founding member of the bands Secret Machines, School of Seven Bells, and UFOFU.
Lionel Abelanski (born 22 October 1964) is a French actor.
Laattaouia Ech-Chaybia is a small town and rural commune in El Kelâat Es-Sraghna Province of the Marrakesh-Tensift-El Haouz region of Morocco.
The Magic Pudding: Being The Adventures of Bunyip Bluegum and his friends Bill Barnacle and Sam Sawnoff is a 1918 Australian children's book written and illustrated by Norman Lindsay.
Black Oak Arkansas is the 1971 eponymous debut album by Black Oak Arkansas.
The Destiny of The Mother Church, by Bliss Knapp is a book published by Christian Science Publishing Society in 1991.
Frederick Wood (1807 – 18 November 1893) was an English surveyor and land agent who lived and worked in Rugby, Warwickshire from about 1840 to 1881.
Tony Toklomety (born 3 March 1984 in Cotonou) is a Beninese football player. Toklomety previously played for Maccabi Netanya F.C., Postel Sport and MŠK Žilina.
KQBZ (96.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Brownwood, Texas, United States, and serving the Brownwood area.
Leanora Cannon Houwen Charles Weldon Cannon, known as Tooter Cannon (January 14, 1915 – March 14, 1997), was a widely recognized manufacturer of boots and saddles in rural Dickens, Texas.
Born in Glamorganshire, Wales, the 12th of 13 children, Mason immigrated to the United States in 1888 with his parents, who settled in La Salle, Illinois ; his father was a coal miner and then a farmer.
William Thomas Clucas (14 April 19258 July 2016), better known as William Lucas, was an English film, theatre, radio and television actor. William Lucas was born in Manchester, England.
Liao Yongyuan (Chinese: 廖永远; pinyin: Liào Yǒngyuǎn; born 1962) is a former Chinese business executive.
Clayton Snyder was born in Los Angeles, California to Glenda Pack and Steve Snyder.
The Canyon Courier is a weekly newspaper (published on Wednesdays) by Evergreen Newspapers. The newspaper primarily serves the community of Evergreen, Colorado, 30 miles west of Denver, Colorado.
Tathagata Mukherjee ( , Bengali: , born 15 May 1985) is an Indian film and television actor and an independent filmmaker based in Kolkata.
The Dornick Hills Group is a geologic group in Oklahoma.
Azhagaana Ponnuthan is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Thiru that stars Namitha and newcomer Kartheesh in lead roles, with R. Parthiban playing an older version of Karthick's role.
Dr. Fritz Wittmann (21 March 1933 – 17 October 2018) was a German politician (CSU) and lawyer. Wittmann was born in Plan bei Marienbad (Czech: Planá u Mariánských Lázní) in Czechoslovakia's Egerland.
.tg is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Togo.
Moez Surani (born April 10, 1979) is a Canadian poet.
Katherine G. Howard. Howard attended Salem Academy, majored in fine arts at Salem College in North Carolina, and obtained her bachelor's degree in politics and government at Smith College in Massachusetts.
Jean-Charles Roman d'Amat (Crots, 12 May 1887 – Versailles, 29 March 1976) was a French librarian and historian.
Corky Lee (born as Lĭ Yángguó 1948 in Queens, New York City) is an American photographer.
Osa Dam () is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1981. http://damnet.or.jp/cgi-bin/binranA/enAll.cgi?db4=1898.
Independent University of Business and Public Administration in Warsaw, abbreviated in Polish PWSBiA, is a private university in Poland.
Luther Vandross is the self-titled thirteenth studio album by American R & B/soul recording artist Luther Vandross and his debut album on J Records, released in 2001.
Västra Karup () is a locality situated in Båstad Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 582 inhabitants in 2010.
Kalvdans (lit. 'calf dance') is a classical Scandinavian dessert.
"KINE (1330 AM, ""La Tejanita Christiana"") is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish religious format. Licensed to Kingsville, Texas, United States, the station serves the Kingsville-Alice-Falfurrias area."
Come Play with Me (Italian: Grazie, zia) is a 1968 Italian drama film directed by Salvatore Samperi.
Tom McIntosh (1840–1904) was an African-American comedian who starred in many colored minstrel shows in the USA from the 1870s to the 1900s.
Kostyantyn Kostyantynovych Leontovich (born October 13, 1985), better known as Kostya Leontovich, is a Ukrainian film score composer, record producer, musician, mixer, singer-songwriter, founder of the label Musicball Records and Musicball Rock School.
Joe's World is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from December 28, 1979 to July 26, 1980.
Pankaj Dubey (born 28 July 1978) is an Indian Author, screenwriter, Director, Producer and a Social Entrepreneur from Mumbai. He has a Bachelor of Laws degree from Delhi University and a Masters in Applied Communications from Coventry School of Art and Design.
Loes Geurts RON (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈlus ˈxøːrts]; born 12 January 1986) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC in the Damallsvenskan.
Helena Chan Rui Ying () (born 6 July 1989) is a Hong Kong-Swedish Channel V presenter and fashion model.
Putulik formerly Hat Island is a small (about 4 km × 8 km [2.5 mi × 5.0 mi]) uninhabited island located in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Le deuxième souffle is a French crime-thriller film released in 1966. Directed by Jean-Pierre Melville, it stars Lino Ventura as Gustave Minda, Paul Meurisse as Inspector Blot and Raymond Pellegrin as Paul Ricci.
Savannah Marshall (born 19 May 1991) is a British professional boxer.
Don O'Neill (born 1966) is an Irish fashion designer.
The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks (Russian: Необычайные приключения мистера Веста в стране Большевиков, romanized: Neobychainye priklyucheniya mistera Vesta v strane bolshevikov) is a 1924 comedy film by Soviet director Lev Kuleshov.
Karmansbo (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈkârːmansˌbuː]) is a mining village situated in Skinnskatteberg Municipality, Västmanland County, Sweden with 91 inhabitants in 2010.
Moonwalkers is a 2015 French comedy film directed by Antoine Bardou-Jacquet in his directorial debut, and written by Dean Craig.
Mariam Khatchvani (; born 1 May 1986) is a Georgian film director and screenwriter.
The Hoary bat averages 13 to 14.5 cm (5.1 to 5.7 in) long with a 40 cm (15.5 in) wingspan and a weight of 26 g (0.92 oz).
Aftab Ahmed (c. 1934 – 25 December 2013) was a Bangladeshi photojournalist.
FutureClaw is an occasionally published fashion, art, music, and culture print magazine founded in 2007 by a group of friends in Burlington, Vermont, US.
Walter Vetrivel is a 1993 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by P.
Mariano Lukov (Bulgarian: Мариано Луков) (born 2 April 1958) is a Bulgarian former table tennis player.
Amirabad-e Amirqoli (Persian: اميراباداميرقلي‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Amīrqolī) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Foundstone is a practice within McAfee Professional Services that provides computer security services. Foundstone was founded in 1999 by George Kurtz, Eric Schultze, Stuart McClure, Chris Prosise, Gary Bahadur, and William Chan.
"KALV-FM (101.5 MHz, ""Live 101-5"") is a commercial FM radio station in Phoenix, Arizona."
Bianca Jagger gave birth to Jagger's second child, Jade Sheena Jezebel Jagger, on 21 October 1971.
Neetu Singh, also known by her married name Neetu Kapoor, is an Indian film actress who appears in Hindi films.
"Wetshotsile Joseph ""Joe"" Seremane (born 26 August 1938) is a former South African politician and federal chairperson of the country's main opposition party, the Democratic Alliance (DA)."
Us Against Them is the debut studio album by American rapper Jake Miller.
Inmigrante TV is an American television network featuring political news and commentary aimed at Hispanic immigrants. The station was founded in 2010 by immigration attorney Manuel Solis.
Sir Simon Russell Beale, CBE (born 12 January 1961) is an English actor, author and music historian.
Tadmarton is a village and civil parish about 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Banbury, Oxfordshire. The 2011 Census recorded the parish's population as 541, which is a 26% increase on the figure of 430 recorded by the 2001 Census.
Ambient Dub Volume I is the first album by American composer Bill Laswell to be issued under the moniker Divination.
"WJKE (101.3 FM, ""K-Love"") is a contemporary Christian music radio station licensed to Stillwater, New York, United States, and serving Saratoga County as an affiliate of the K-Love network."
Ashgate Publishing was an academic book and journal publisher based in Farnham (Surrey, United Kingdom).
Colonel Crawford High School is a public high school in North Robinson, Ohio.
Jaroslav Beneš (born February 27, 1946, in Pilsen, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech photographer and co-founder of the photographic group called Český dřevák.
The Olsen Gang's Last Trick () is a 1998 Danish comedy film directed by Tom Hedegaard and Morten Arnfred, and starring Ove Sprogøe.
The Caledon River (Sotho: Mohokare) is a major river located in central South Africa, rising in the Drakensberg Mountains on the Lesotho border, flowing southwestward and then westward before joining the Orange River near Bethulie in the southern Free State.
Woodsmen of the West is a novel by Martin Allerdale Grainger, first published in 1908 by Edward Arnold.
Capricorn (カプリコン) is a five-volume manga series by Johji Manabe.
First Demo is a demo album from the post-hardcore band Fugazi released on November 18, 2014 through Dischord Records.
Jašiūnai (Polish: Jaszuny, Belarusian: Яшуны) is a town in Lithuania.
Archduchess Margaretha of Austria (;(8 May 1894 – 21 January 1986) was a daughter of Archduke Leopold Salvator of Austria and Infanta Blanca of Spain.
Kansas City International Airport (IATA: MCI, ICAO: KMCI, FAA LID: MCI) (originally Mid-Continent International Airport) is a public airport 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Downtown Kansas City in Platte County, Missouri.
The Cowardly Way is a lost 1915 silent film drama directed by John Ince and starring Florence Reed.
Institute of Philosophy and Sociology of the Polish Academy of Sciences () is a scientific Institute of the Polish Academy of Sciences, based in the Palace of Technology in Warsaw.
Chris Haddawy is an American entrepreneur, private currency advocate, and barter industry leader.
Ustad Muhammad Juman (Sindhi: استاد محمد جمن‎) (10 October 1935 – 24 January 1990) was a Sindhi musician and classical singer from Pakistan, whose impact on Sindhi music is still pervasive.
Federico Mociulsky (born 15 July 1989 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine professional association football player contracted to Deportivo Roca.
"REDjet Caribbean Ltd., operating as REDjet (Airone Caribbean/Airone Ventures Limited), was a startup low-cost carrier (LCC) based at the Grantley Adams International Airport in Christ Church, Barbados, "" About Us - Company Information on REDjet . ""."
Fernanda Guitron (born ) is a Mexican female volleyball player. She is part of the Mexico women's national volleyball team.
Good Ol' Fashioned Love is the debut studio album by British-Irish doo-wop boy band The Overtones.
Timber Creek High School is a public high school located in the city of Fort Worth, Texas which is served by the Keller Independent School District.
John Armstrong (22 August 1813 – 16 May 1856) was a Church of England cleric who became the Bishop of Grahamstown in South Africa.
The FMA AeT.1 was an airliner built in Argentina in the early 1930s.
Bernardo Peres da Silva (15 October 1775—18 November 1844) was a governor of Portuguese India. He was the first and only native Goan to be appointed to this post in 451 years of Portuguese colonial and provincial governance.
"Arche (stylized as ARCHE, Greek for "" the origin "" ) is the ninth studio album by Japanese metal band Dir En Grey, released on December 10, 2014."
Ken Johnson (born January 5, 1951) was an all-star quarterback in the Canadian Football League. Johnson was a graduate of the University of Colorado at Boulder, where he played from 1971 to 1973 and earned a degree in marketing.
István Ferenczi (born 14 September 1977 in Győr, Győr-Moson-Sopron) is a former Hungarian international football striker, who last played for Vasas SC.
Trumpets and Drums () is an adaptation of an 18th-century English Restoration comedy by Farquhar, The Recruiting Officer. It was written by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht in collaboration with Benno Besson and Elisabeth Hauptmann.
WSDZ (1260 AM) is a Catholic formatted radio station licensed to Belleville, Illinois, serving the Greater St. Louis.
Monday Monday is an ITV, UTV comedy drama.
"WZOB (1250 AM, "" Number One Country 1250 "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Fort Payne, Alabama."
The Uli Hoeneß Cup was a pre-season association football match that took place on 24 July 2013 at the Allianz Arena in Munich, Germany.
Oldborough is a village in Devon, England.
The Son (, 2014) is a crime novel by Norwegian novelist Jo Nesbø.
Pyeongchon Management High School is a public High School, located in 186 Hagui-ro, Dongan-gu, Anyang, Gyeonggi, South Korea.
Magdalena Andersdotter (1590 in Norway & ndash; 1650) was a Norwegian shipowner.
The Department of Arts and Culture is one of the departments of the South African government.
Younger son Chris Orbach is an actor and a singer; he played Lennie Briscoe's nephew Ken Briscoe during the first season of Special Victims Unit. In 1979, Jerry Orbach married Broadway dancer Elaine Cancilla, whom he met while starring in Chicago.
Namma Annachi () is a 1994 Tamil language drama film directed by Dhalapathi, who had previously directed the film Kizhakku Veluthachu (1992).
Taste in Translation is an American Cooking show series produced by Leopard Films that currently airs on the Cooking Channel.
Northeastern Regional Airport (IATA: EDE, ICAO: KEDE, FAA LID: EDE) is a public use airport in Chowan County, North Carolina, United States.
Luis Arturo González López (21 December 1900, Zacapa – 11 November 1965) was a politician in Guatemala and the acting President of Guatemala from 27 July 1957 to 24 October 1957.
Artes was a Swedish cultural magazine about art, music and literature published between 1975 and 2005 in Sweden.
Maulana Yakub Hasan Sait (Urdu: یعقوب حسن سیت‎) or simply Yakub Hasan Sait (1875–1940) was an Indian businessman, freedom-fighter and politician who served as the Minister for Public Works in the Madras presidency from 1937 to 1939.
Cypress High School is a public, four-year high school in the city of Cypress, California, one of eight high schools in the Anaheim Union High School District (AUHSD).
John Kuc is a former world champion powerlifter from the United States. During the 1970s and 80s, he set numerous powerlifting national and world records, won three International Powerlifting Federation (IPF) world championships and numerous national championships.
Zee Living is an Indian Lifestyle television channel.
"Dan Morgan is a 1911 Australian film from Charles Cozens Spencer about the bushranger Dan Morgan. It was said to be starring "" Alfred Rolfe and company "" ."
The Great Depression: America, 1929–1941 (ISBN 978-0-8129-2327-8) is a 1984 history of the Great Depression by acclaimed historian Robert S. McElvaine.
Shin Megami Tensei If...[a] is a Japanese role-playing video game developed and published by Atlus in 1994 for the Super Famicom.
The Forlorn Hope is a science fiction novel by David Drake.
Lotta flyttar hemifrån is a Swedish film which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 18 September 1993, directed by Johanna Hald.
Director were an Irish art rock quartet from Malahide in County Dublin.
Dolores Airport (, ) is a public use airport located near Dolores, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Ezra Swerdlow (March 2, 1953 – January 23, 2018) was an American film producer and production manager.
Francesco Tortoli (or Tortolj) (1790 – 20 May 1824) was an Italian scenographer, active in Naples from 1808 at the city's principal theatres—Teatro San Carlo, Teatro del Fondo and Teatro dei Fiorentini.
Baška is a municipality in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
George Hurdalek (6 February 1908 & ndash; 15 June 1980) was a German screenwriter.
Rita-Maria Nowotny (1 June 1925 – 9 September 2000) was a German actress.
Elizabeth Boleyn, Countess of Wiltshire (née Lady Elizabeth Howard; c. 1480 – 3 April 1538) was an English noblewoman, noted for being the mother of Anne Boleyn and as such the maternal grandmother of Elizabeth I of England.
Anjathe () is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language action thriller film written and directed by Mysskin, starring Narain, Prasanna, Ajmal Ameer, and Vijayalakshmi.
Katha Dilam is a 1991 Bengali film directed by Rajat Das and produced by N. S. S. Film Concern under the banner of N. S. S. Film Concern.
KEND (106.5 FM) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Roswell, New Mexico, United States.
Chosen Ones is the second live album & 14th album overall by Christian parody band ApologetiX.
Jaimie Alexander was born in Greenville, South Carolina, and moved to Grapevine, Texas when she was four years old.
__NOTOC__ Czarnogoździce () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
"""Manos al Aire"" (English: ""Hands in the Air"") is a Spanish language Latin pop song recorded by Canadian recording artist Nelly Furtado."
Sahabane (also written Sahbane) is a village in the commune of Mih Ouensa, in Mih Ouensa District, El Oued Province, Algeria.
Pogogul Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Pogogul) (IATA: UOL, ICAO: WAMY), is an airport near Buol, a city in the province of Central Sulawesi on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Alada Empresa de Transportes Aéreos was an airline based in Luanda, Angola.
Dana Abilda (born 18 October 1996) is a Kazakhstani handball player.
"""The Forgotten Enemy"" is a science fiction short story by English writer Arthur C. Clarke, first published in the magazine New Worlds, in August 1949."
"""Feels Good"" is a song by American R&B/soul singer Rahsaan Patterson, released in 2008."
100 Monkeys is an independent funk rock band from Los Angeles, California.The members of the group are Ben Graupner, Jackson Rathbone, Jerad Anderson, Ben Johnson, and Lawrence Abrams.
The Country Boy is a lost The Library of Congress/FIAF American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:The Country Boy 1915 American comedy silent film directed by Frederick A. Thomson based upon a play by Edgar Selwyn.
XHBZ-FM is a radio station on 100.5 FM in Ciudad Delicias, Chihuahua.
Bhumirajmandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.
National Speakers Bureau is an Illinois-based speakers bureau. The firm, founded in 1972 by John Palmer, is currently led by Brian Palmer who assumed the presidency in 1996.
"Melon Day is an annual national holiday in Turkmenistan devoted to festivities to celebrate the country's muskmelon, in particular a recent crossbreed product named ""Turkmenbashi melon"" (after Turkmenistan's first president), which is praised for its aroma, taste and large size."
George Lindemann was born to a Jewish family in 1936 in New York City.
Calonne-Ricouart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
"""Don't Let Me Down"" is a song recorded by British singer-songwriter Leona Lewis for her second studio album Echo (2009)."
Crown Prince Nguyễn Phước Bảo Long (4 January 1934 – 28 July 2007) was the eldest son of Bảo Đại, Vietnam's last emperor.
Lam Son High School for the Gifted (Vietnamese: Trường Trung Học Phổ Thông Chuyên Lam Sơn) is a public high school in Thanh Hoa, Vietnam.
Marino Baldini (born 12 July 1963 in Poreč) is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Croatia and at the 2013 European Parliament election in Croatia was elected as one of the new Croatian members of the European Parliament.
Live – Big Music Tour 2015 is the fifth live album by Scottish rock band Simple Minds, released on 14 November 2015.
Lisa Marie Presley (born February 1, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter.
Ana Sršen (born December 24, 1973 in Dubrovnik) is a former Croatian paralympic swimmer who competed at four Paralympic Games between 1996 and 2008.
Christine Marin (born April 9. 1951 in Feignies) was a member of the National Assembly of France from 2007 to 2012, representing Nord's 23rd constituency, as a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Maurício Souza (born ) is a Brazilian male volleyball player.
Vrtogoš is a village in the municipality of Vranje, Serbia.
Escape from Furnace is a series of novels by Alexander Gordon Smith.
Warnakulasuriya Ichchampullige Hugh Fernando (17 November 1916 -2 April 1993) was a Sri Lankan politician born in Nainamadama.
Tricky Software is a California-based developer focused on creating software for the iOS, and PC computers. Tricky Software was founded in 2006 by Zachary Waibel.
Dammahad () is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Aliabad-e Sadri (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Şadrī) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.
The Streets of London is a 1929 British silent crime film directed by Norman Lee and starring David Dunbar, Wera Engels and Jack Rutherford.
Sinhaya (Lion) is a 2016 Sri Lankan Sinhala-language drama film written and directed by V.Sivadasan and produced by Sunil T.Fernando for Sunil T. Films.
South Carolina Highway 151 (SC & nbsp;151) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
Shonkhonil Karagar (Bengali: শঙ্খনীল কারাগার) is a Bangladeshi Bengali film released on May 22, 1992 and directed by Mustafizur Rahman.
Alessandro Salati (died 1509) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Minori (1498–1509).
Pakuan University (UNPAK) is the oldest and biggest private university in Bogor.
Fishboy is an American four-piece indie pop band from Denton, Texas, United States, that began as the solo project of Eric Michener.
The Harry Hill Movie is a 2013 British musical comedy film directed by Steve Bendelack and starring Harry Hill.
Engelbert Zaschka (September 1, 1895 in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany – June 26, 1955 in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany) was a German chief engineer, chief designer and inventor.
The Rearwin Junior was a 1930s two-seat high-winged ultra-light monoplane sport aircraft produced in the United States by Rearwin Airplanes Inc.. Taylor 1989, p. 757.
Frank Chadwick is an American multiple-award-winning game designer and New York Times Best Selling author.
Rusty Bugles was a controversial Australian play written by Sumner Locke Elliott in 1948.
Like is the debut novel by Scottish author Ali Smith, first published in 1997 in the UK by Virago and in the following year in the US by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, it draws much from Ali Smith's own life growing up in Inverness and then moving to Cambridge as a student.
Conman in Tokyo is a 2000 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Ching Siu-tung and starring Louis Koo, Nick Cheung, Athena Chu and Christy Chung.
Jorge Muscia (born March 6, 1958 in Buenos Aires) is a plastic artist and ‘fileteado’ instructor with over 30 years of experience in his field.
Zeya Aung (Burmese: ဇေယျာအောင်; also spelt Zeyar Aung) is the incumbent Minister of Construction.
Todd Hodgetts, OAM (born 23 March 1988) is an Australian athlete on the autism spectrum who won a gold medal at the 2012 London Paralympics and a bronze medal at the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
Vladimír Remek (born 26 September 1948) is a Czech politician and diplomat as well as a former cosmonaut and military pilot.
Adriano Herrerabarría (born December 28, 1928, Santiago de Veraguas, Veraguas Province, Panama) was a Panamanian painter and teacher.
Alejandro Santo Domingo (born 13 February 1977) is a Colombian-American billionaire financier and philanthropist.
Kings of the Turf is a 1941 American short documentary film about horse racing, directed by Del Frazier.
Joseph V. Colaianni (March 19, 1933 – June 26, 2018) was a trial judge of the United States Court of Claims, and a judge of its successor, the United States Court of Federal Claims from 1982 to 1984.
Ořech is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Peder Morset (4 April 1887 & ndash; 19 May 1943) was a Norwegian teacher and resistance member. Born in Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag, Norway, he was the son of Ole Henriksen Morset (1864-1935) and Ingborg Berntine Petersdatter (1864-1947).
Avenues is a punk rock band formed in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 2006.
Nikolai Toporkoff (1885–1965) was a Russian-born French cinematographer.
FreeNATS (the Free Network Automatic Testing System) is an open-source network monitoring software application NetworkWorld.com Article on FreeNATS developed by David Cutting under the banner of PurplePixie Systems.
Patricija Belousova (born 1995) is a Lithuanian dancer, coach, choreographer and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Lithuania 2014 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2014 and Miss International 2017.
Fleisch (international title: Spare Parts) is a German cult film by Rainer Erler [de] about organ trafficking produced in 1979.
Brudebuketten (English: The Bridal Bouquet) is a 1953 Norwegian comedy film directed by Bjørn Breigutu, starring Randi Kolstad, Lalla Carlsen and Per Aabel.
A Time to Love is the twenty-third studio album by Stevie Wonder, his first since 1995's Conversation Peace.
Claudine is a Gladys Knight & the Pips album, written and produced by Curtis Mayfield. The disc is the soundtrack album for the 1974 20th Century Fox motion picture Claudine, starring James Earl Jones and Diahann Carroll.
Defiler is an American metalcore band from Castro Valley, California.
The Policeman (Hebrew: HaShoter Azoulay השוטר אזולאי‎, lit. 'The Policeman Azoulay') is a 1971 Israeli feature film, written and directed by satirist Ephraim Kishon.
William Norman Hargreaves-Mawdsley (13 November 1921 – 11 April 1980) was a British historian, and expert on the history of legal and academic dress.
Rough But Respectable or I Am a Chic Charro (Spanish: Soy charro de levita) is a 1949 Mexican comedy film directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and starring Germán Valdés, Marcelo Chávez and Rosita Quintana.
Brooke Wilkins (born 6 June 1974, in Sydney) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
"Leonardo Mocenigo (died 1623) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Ceneda (1599–1623). ""."
Experiments in Mass Appeal is the second studio album by UK neo-progressive rock group Frost*.
Marty Carter (born December 17, 1969) is a former American football safety in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Chicago Bears, Atlanta Falcons, and Detroit Lions.
Mental is a 2012 Australian comedy-drama film directed and written by P.
Oliver Geis (born 20 June 1991) is a German shooter.
Fort Loramie High School is a public high school in Fort Loramie, Ohio in Shelby County.
Wake Up World is the debut album by Finnish pop singer Isac Elliot.
Bill Rogers (born May 11, 1974) is an American voice actor, voice director, producer, script adaptor and scriptwriter, who primarily worked in the New York area for several years before moving to Los Angeles in 2015.
Cain played college football at the University of Southern California after transferring from East Los Angeles College. Lynn Cain was starting fullback for 1978 USC Trojans, who won the National Title that year.
Kluczewo-Huby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostroróg, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
The Last Lovecraft: Relic of Cthulhu is a 2009 horror comedy film directed by Henry Saine about the last living relative of noted short-story writer H. P. Lovecraft.
I Am Kalam is a 2011 Indian Hindi-language drama film produced by Smile Foundation and directed by Nila Madhab Panda, cinematography by Mohana Krishna.
Tom Kipp (born November 17, 1968) from Chardon, Ohio Kipp on Superbike pole | Auto123.com Retrieved 2018-05-22. is an American former motorcycle racer.
Muddula Menalludu is a 1990 Telugu drama film produced by S. Gopal Reddy on Bhargav Art Productions banner and directed by Kodi Ramakrishna.
Happy Face Entertainment is a South Korean entertainment company established in 2008 by producer E-Tribe's Ahn Myung-won and Kim Young-deuk.
Curt Hansen (born August 14, 1987) is an American actor. He was born in Wisconsin and is a native actor, singer and dancer.
Shubhi Sharma (born 27 March) is an Indian actress who is active mainly in Bhojpuri-language films.
Denial is a 1990 American drama film, written and directed by Erin Dignam.
El Alia is a town and commune in the Bizerte Governorate, Tunisia.
The WTA Singapore Open is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated women's tennis tournament played from 1986 to 1994.
The West 30th Street Heliport is a heliport on the west side of Manhattan in New York City.
KSIT (99.7 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Naropa University is a private university in Boulder, Colorado.
Francis Pélissier (13 June 1894 – 22 February 1959) was a French professional road racing cyclist from Paris.
María Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría Antón (born 10 June 1971) is a Spanish politician of the People's Party who served as Deputy Prime Minister of Spain and Minister of the Presidency from 2011 to 2018.
Kate Torney OAM has been the CEO of the State Library of Victoria since 2015, when she took over the role from Sue Roberts.
Ninja Tune is an English independent record label based in London. It was founded by Matt Black and Jonathan More, better known as Coldcut and managed by Peter Quicke and others.
Lado Kralj (born 27 March 1938) is a Slovene writer, theatre critic and literary historian.
Pummel is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band All, released April 4, 1995 through Interscope Records.
Monique Proulx (born January 17, 1952 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian novelist, short story writer and screenwriter.
Fukuoka Institute of Technology (福岡工業大学, Fukuoka kōgyō daigaku) is a private university in East District of Fukuoka, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Jason Swepson is an American football coach and former player.
The Australian Shepherd is traditionally a medium-sized breed of solid build. They can weigh from 35 to 70 pounds (16 to 32 kg) and stand from 18 to 23 inches (46 to 58 cm) in height.
Self-portrait with Dr Arrieta is the English title given to a painting by Spanish artist Francisco Goya. The work is an oil on canvas, painted in 1820.
Blowinghouse is the name of two settlements in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Mysterion is a 1991 documentary film by Finnish directors Pirjo Honkasalo and Eira Mollberg about a convent of Russian Orthodox nuns who have dedicated their lives to serving God.
Colin David Lamont (born 24 August 1953) is an Australian politician and was a member of the second Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, elected to the multi-member single constituency Assembly for the Labor Party in 1992.
Johannes Årsjö (born 21 June 1985) is a Swedish strongman competitor.
Xia Lin (Chinese: 夏霖), is a Chinese lawyer known for taking on human rights cases.
John Crome (22 December 1768 – 22 April 1821) was an English landscape artist of the Romantic era, one of the principal artists and founding members of the Norwich School of painters.
Possibly portrait by Velazquez Francisco de Rioja (born at Seville, 1583; died at Madrid, 1659) was a Spanish poet.
Malin Swedberg (born 15 September 1968) is a Swedish former association football midfielder who won 78 caps for the Sweden women's national football team, scoring ten goals.
The Romeo Section is a Canadian spy thriller television series created and written by Chris Haddock which debuted on October 14, 2015, on CBC Television.
Cloud Dancer is a 1980 aviation drama film directed by Barry Brown.
Xudum Airport (ICAO: FBXX) is a private airstrip that serves the Xudum Okavango Delta Lodge, a wildlife safari camp in the Okavango Delta of Botswana.
Qezelqash (, also Romanized as Qezelqāsh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.
Andrew Dodt (born 26 January 1986) is an Australian professional golfer who plays on the European Tour, Asian Tour, and PGA Tour of Australasia.
CJRW-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 102.1 FM in Summerside, Prince Edward Island owned & operated by the Maritime Broadcasting System.
Adharvam (Malayalam: അഥര്‍വ്വം) is a 1989 Malayalam drama film directed by Dennis Joseph and written by Shibu Chakravarthy, starring Mammootty, Ganesh Kumar, Charuhasan, Silk Smitha, Thilakan, and Parvathy.
Part III is the third studio album by American R&B group 112, released on March 20, 2001 by Bad Boy Records.
William Rimmer (1862–1936) was a Lancashire composer and conductor of brass band music who was particularly well known for his marches.
""" Get Me to the World on Time "" is a song written by Annette Tucker and Jill Jones for the American garage rock band, The Electric Prunes."
Claire Devers (born 20 August 1955 in Paris) is a French film director and screenwriter.
Osredci is a village in the municipality of Brus, Serbia.
The Patriots novel series is a five-novel series by survivalist novelist and former U.S. Army officer and blogger, James Wesley Rawles.
Endorama is the ninth studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1999 by Drakkar Records.
Ashutosh Kaushik is an Indian actor and reality TV participant.
Josef Stangl (German: [ˈʃtaŋl̩]; 12 March 1907 – 8 April 1979) was Roman Catholic bishop of Würzburg, Germany. Born in Kronach, Bavaria, Stangl became a priest on 16 March 1930, and he was appointed by Pope Pius XII as Bishop of Würzburg on 27 June 1957.
The Landlady (, Khozayka) is a novella by Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky, written in 1847.
Lachlan Renshaw (born 2 April 1987 in Sydney, Australia) is a middle-distance track and field athlete and is the 2010 Australian Champion over 800 metres.
Babotinac is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village had a population of 270.
Kunjiraman Ramadas (born 13 May 1970) is a former Malaysian cricketer.
Photographic Memory is a 2011 documentary film by independent filmmaker Ross McElwee about a voyage back to the roots of his involvement with the camera.
Teenage Shutdown! She'll Hurt You in the End (subtitled Teener Garage Explosion, Vol. 2) is compilation album featuring psychedelic and garage rock musical artists that recorded in the 1960s.
František Tomášek (30 June 1899, in Studénka, Moravia – 4 August 1992, in Prague, Czechoslovakia) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church in Bohemia, the 34th Archbishop of Prague, and a Roman Catholic theologian.
Mount Vernon Nazarene University (MVNU) is a Christian liberal arts college in Mount Vernon, Ohio, with satellite locations in the surrounding area.
Evolver is The Choirboys sixth studio CD.
Zographeion College (Greek: Ζωγράφεια Διδασκαλεία) was a Greek educational institution that operated from 1873 to 1891 in the village of Qestorat, Ottoman Empire, in modern southern Albania.
Here's to the Good Times is the debut studio album by American country music duo Florida Georgia Line.
Lapteva Island (, ) is the island lying 1 & nbsp;km off the north coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. The feature extends 900 m in north-south direction and 880 m in east-west direction.
Kvidinge is a locality situated in Åstorp Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 1,854 inhabitants in 2010.
Almegíjar is a Spanish village and municipality located in the province of Granada, Andalusia. According to the 2005 census (INE), it has a population of 435 inhabitants.
Mojnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Max Marcin (5 May 1879 – 30 March 1948) was a Polish-born American playwright, novelist, screenwriter, and film director.
Soboń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Zlukov is a village and municipality (obec) in Tábor District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Peter Zupanc (born January 8, 1982 in Ljubljana) is a retired Slovenian javelin thrower.
"The Zariphios School (, "" Zariphios School of Philippopolis "" ) was a Greek educational institution established in 1875 in Plovdiv (Philippopolis), then in the Ottoman Empire and now in Bulgaria."
Ijeri is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
On the Reeperbahn at Half Past Midnight () is a 1969 West German drama film directed by Rolf Olsen and Al Adamson and starring Curd Jürgens, Heinz Reincke, and Jutta D'Arcy.
Falu BK was a sports club in Falun, Sweden.
The Lazarus Child (entitled The Last Door in Canada) is a 2004 American drama film directed by Graham Theakston.
Flora Parker DeHaven (September 1, 1883 – September 9, 1950) was an American actress. Flora Parker, who was a Paramount-Artcraft co-star with her husband, Carter DeHaven, was born at Perth Amboy, New Jersey.
On the Edge of Innocence is a 1997 television drama film directed by Peter Werner.
Mohammad Soleimani (born ) is a former Iranian male volleyball player.
Martin Babjak (born 15 September 1960 in Banská Bystrica) is a Slovak operatic baritone.
The Alaskan Command (ALCOM) is a joint subordinate unified command of the United States Northern Command, responsible for operations in and around the state of Alaska.
Nempitz is a village and a former municipality in the district Saalekreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Sara Pérez Sala (born January 12, 1988 in Barcelona) is a female breaststroke swimmer from Spain, who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Jože Pogačnik (22 April 1932 – 16 February 2016) was a Slovenian film director and screenwriter.
Turton School is a mixed comprehensive secondary school and sixth form in Bromley Cross, in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
"Selcë e Poshtme (""Lower Selcë"") is a village located in the Mokra area, Korçë County, Albania."
Glencoe High School is a public high school, located in Glencoe, Alabama, United States serving approximately 339 students in grades nine through twelve.
My Michael (, translit. & nbsp;Michael Sheli) is a 1976 Israeli drama film directed by Dan Wolman, based on the novel by Amos Oz.
The Sokh River (Russian: Сох, IPA: [ˈsox]) is a river in Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan.
Sex and Drugs and Sausage Rolls is a 1999 novel by the British author Robert Rankin.
Fred Godfrey (17 September 1880 – 22 February 1953) was the pen name of Llewellyn Williams, a World War I songwriter.
Denis O'Dea (26 April 1905 – 5 November 1978) was an Irish stage and film actor. He was born in Dublin.
Nadeem Siddique (born 28 October 1977) English professional boxer of Pakistani origin Siddique was born in Bradford, Yorkshire, United Kingdom.
Zambrzyniec [zamˈbʐɨɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Circus Devils is an American psychedelic rock band founded in 2001 by Robert Pollard, best known as the lead singer and songwriter of the Dayton, Ohio, band Guided by Voices.
Aidan Girt is a Canadian drummer for the Montreal-based post-rock collectives Godspeed You! Black Emperor and Exhaust.
Diamanté Anthony Blackmon (born January 3, 1991), better known by his stage names Carnage and El Diablo, is a Guatemalan-American DJ and record producer.
Forty Fathoms Deep: Pearldivers and Searovers in Australian Waters is a 1937 book from Ion Idriess about pearl divers.
""" Dance with Me "" is a 1975 hit single by American soft rock band Orleans from their second studio album, Orleans II (1974)."
"Che is a two-part 2008 biographical film about Argentine Marxist revolutionary Ernesto ""Che"" Guevara, directed by Steven Soderbergh."
Chasm City is a 2001 science fiction novel by British writer Alastair Reynolds, set in the Revelation Space universe.
Forget Me Not is a 2010 British romantic drama film, directed by Alexander Holt and Lance Roehrig and starring Tobias Menzies and Genevieve O'Reilly.
Outlaws (French:Hors-la-loi) is a 1985 film by French director Robin Davis, starring Clovis Cornillac.
Jérémy Monnier (born 5 May 1989) is a French sports shooter.
Rejects on the Road is a Nasty Idols Live DVD release and currently the only to be released.
{{Infobox comic book title |title = Supergirl |image = Supergirl v1 1.jpg |caption = Cover of Supergirl #1 (November 1972), featuring the Kara Zor-El version.
White Belt Yellow Tag are a British alternative rock band, formed by former Yourcodenameis:milo guitarist Justin Lockey and Craig Pilbin. When performing live, Tom Bellamy (formerly of The Cooper Temple Clause) plays drums.
Shosuke Katayama (片山 奨典, Katayama Shosuke, born 8 September 1983) is a Japanese former footballer who last played for Roasso Kumamoto.
Mitini (Nepali: मीतिनी) is a 2002 Nepali film directed by Anish Koirala.
Atiq Rahimi () (born 26 February 1962 in Kabul) is a French-Afghan writer and filmmaker.
KSOP (1370 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Country format. Licensed to South Salt Lake, Utah, United States, the station serves the Salt Lake City area.
The Super Spy[a] is an early Neo Geo game released by SNK in 1990. It is a first-person shooter and beat 'em up game with action RPG elements in which players move through the many floors of an office building shooting terrorists.
Chodang University is the only university in Muan County, a largely rural district of South Korea's South Jeolla province.
Sant Ravidas Ki Amar Kahani is 1983 Indian devotional movie based on renowned saint Ravidas, directed by Babubhai Mistri, with music by Chitragupt.
Papy is a 2009 film directed by Djo Tunda Wa Munga.
It's Not What You Say... It's How You Say It is the sixth studio album by Bay Area rapper Mac Dre released on November 20, 2001.
Deceased Charles Leroux and his parachute. Charles Leroux Memorial Charles Leroux (born as Joseph Johnson; 31 October 1856 in Waterbury, Connecticut, United States – in Reval, Russian Empire) was an American balloonist and parachutist.
Cruis'n Velocity is a racing game and the fourth game in the Cruis'n series.
The People of the Wind is a science fiction novel by American writer Poul Anderson, first published in 1973.
Cheek to Cheek is a collaborative album by American singers Tony Bennett (his fifty-eighth studio album in general) and Lady Gaga (her fourth studio album in general).
Welcome in Vienna () is a 1986 Austrian drama film directed by Axel Corti.
Chris Sulages (born January 25, 1973) is an American football coach and former player.
James Logan (October 20, 1674 – October 31, 1751) was a Scots-Irish colonial American statesman, administrator, and scholar who served as the fourteenth mayor of Philadelphia and held a number of other public offices.
Ryu Hyun-woo (; born 8 September 1981) is a South Korean professional golfer.
Boris Maliutin and Gersz Rotlewi, before 1910 Boris Evgenievich Maliutin (Maljutin, Malyutin, Malutin) (1883–1920) was a Russian chess master. He played many tournaments in Saint Petersburg.
Juan Pablo García Contreras (born November 24, 1981 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican retired footballer.
Aoufous is a town in Errachidia Province, Drâa-Tafilalet, Morocco. According to the 2004 census it has a population of 1272.
KSQS (91.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Ririe, Idaho, United States, the station serves the Idaho Falls area.
Georg, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe (10 October 1846 – 29 April 1911) was a ruler of the small Principality of Schaumburg-Lippe. He was born in Bückeburg to Adolf I, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe and Princess Hermine of Waldeck and Pyrmont (1827–1910).
Weergevonden is a 1914 Dutch silent film directed by Louis H. Chrispijn.
Die Healing is the seventh studio album by the American doom metal band Saint Vitus, released in 1995 by Hellhound Records.
Tyrone Gordon (born April 26, 1985 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American soccer forward.
Mafia and Red Tomatoes (Italian: La nostra terra) is a 2014 Italian comedy film written and directed by Giulio Manfredonia and starring Stefano Accorsi, Sergio Rubini and Leon Lush.
Steve Swallow (born October 4, 1940) is a jazz bassist and composer noted for his collaborations with Jimmy Giuffre, Gary Burton, and Carla Bley.
Mew Azama (安座間 美優, Azama Myū), born December 26, 1986 in Hiroshima Prefecture and raised in Okinawa Prefecture, is a Japanese model and actress.
The Lucky Dime Caper starring Donald Duck, released in Japan as , is a platform game released for Master System and Game Gear in 1991.
Paul Merton's Adventures is a comedy series, broadcast on the British television channel Channel 5 in October and November 2011.
Ikarus S-451 The Ikarus 451 is a family of research aircraft designs built in Yugoslavia in the 1950s, all sharing the same basic airframe, but differing in powerplants and cockpit arrangements.
Bonn-Bad Godesberg station is on the Left Rhine line () in the Bonn district of Bad Godesberg in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Mikstat-Pustkowie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikstat, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Portalrubio de Guadamejud is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 67 inhabitants.
Technological Revolutions and Financial Capital: The Dynamics of Bubbles and Golden Ages is an academic book by Carlota Perez that seeks to describe the connection between technological development and financial bubbles as seen in the emergence of long term technology trends.
Gul Panag (born Gulkirat Kaur Panag, 3 January 1979; Chandigarh, India) is an Indian actress, voice actress, model, and former beauty queen who competed in the Miss Universe pageant.
Guy Gilles born Guy Chiche (25 August 1938 - 3 February 1996) was a French film director.
Abdoul Salam Sow (born 13 August 1970) is a Guinean former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Ankaragücü, FC Martigues, Belenenses, Imortal, Qatar SC and Jeonnam Dragons.
Far from Vietnam () is a 1967 French documentary film directed by Joris Ivens, William Klein, Claude Lelouch, Agnès Varda, Jean-Luc Godard, Chris Marker and Alain Resnais.
Ram Chandra Chatterjee (died 9 August 1892) was an Indian acrobat, gymnast, balloonist, parachutist and patriot.
Abraham González (1782 – c. 1838) was an Argentine soldier who participated in the Spanish American wars of independence and the Argentine Civil Wars, and was governor of Tucumán Province.
Šošiće is a village in the municipality of Brus, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 109 people.
Mark Cawthra (born 28 April 1961) is an English musician and record producer working in the UK. He was born in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, England.
Dmitry Kozko, Co-Founder & CEO Openfilm was a website for finding and distributing independent film.
Xue Shi Ling (Chinese: 薛仕凌; pinyin: Xuē Shìlíng), also known as MC40 is a Taiwanese-born Canadian musician, songwriter, lyricist, actor, and television presenter.
Owen Lovejoy (January 6, 1811 – March 25, 1864) was an American lawyer, Congregational minister, abolitionist, and Republican congressman from Illinois.
Tormé: A New Album is a 1977 studio album by Mel Tormé.
Emilio Bobadilla Cáceres was a Paraguayan songwriter.
Mikail Darrehsi (, also Romanized as Mīkā'īl Darrehsī and Mīkā’īl Darrasī) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Choola is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J.
KREK 104.9 FM is a radio station licensed to Bristow, Oklahoma.
The Cheyenne Kid is a 1933 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Robert F. The film stars Tom Keene, Mary Mason, Roscoe Ates, Otto Hoffman and Al Bridge.
Hiroyuki Hayashi (林 祐征, Hayashi Hiroyuki, born October 5, 1983) is a former Japanese football player.
"Beaus$Eros (pronounced ""bows & arrows"") is a studio album by American rapper Busdriver."
Beautiful Awakening is the third studio album by American singer Stacie Orrico.
Ajax Life (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈaːjɑks /laɪf/]) is the largest Dutch fanzine/newspaper, with a bi-weekly circulation of approximately 94,000. Ajax Life is based in Amsterdam.
Gu Deng (; Hepburn: Ko Cho; 1882 - 1947?) was a mathematician and politician at the end of Qing Dynasty and in the early Republic of China.
The Nickelodeon Indonesia Kids' Choice Awards is the Indonesian version of the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, held since 2008 in Jakarta.
Bill Wolff (born March 4, 1966) is an American television producer.
Cygów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"""Don't Break My Heart Again"" is a single by the English hard rock band Whitesnake."
Nižbor () is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Çaycuma is a town and district of Zonguldak Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.
The Lawashi River is a river in Unorganized Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.
James Dow Constantine (born November 15, 1961), better known as Dow Constantine, is an American politician in the state of Washington who is currently serving as King County Executive, an office he has held since November 2009.
Ernst Immanuel Bekker (16 August 1827, in Berlin – 29 June 1916, in Heidelberg) was a German jurist and professor.
Another Language is the fourth studio album by American post-rock band This Will Destroy You.
Suleiman Abba (born 22 March 1959) is a retired Nigerian police officer who served as the 17th Inspector General of Nigerian Police.
The Liberation of Skopje (, Osloboduvanje na Skopje) is a 2016 Macedonian drama film directed by Rade Šerbedžija and Danilo Šerbedžija.
Canım Sana Feda is a 1965 Turkish romantic drama film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Cüneyt Arkın, Nilüfer Aydan, and Muzaffer Tema.
Dziwie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedecz, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
"""J'en ai marre!"" (English: ""I'm fed up!"") is Alizée's fifth single from the album Mes Courants Électriques, written by Mylène Farmer and released in February 2003."
Stora Mellby is a locality situated in Alingsås Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden. It had 321 inhabitants in 2010.
Josef Kemr (20 June 1922 – 15 January 1995) was a Czech actor.
Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the progressive rock band the Moody Blues, released in 1989.
Gergely Pongrátz (Gherla, 18 February 1932 – Kiskunmajsa, 18 May 2005) was a famous veteran of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.
Home is the fifth studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Wallis Bird.
"Braun was born in Chicago, Illinois and is Jewish. RICEOWLS.COM: Ben Braun Bio "" Jewish Coaches Association Meets for Final Four Breakfast, Despite Scandal Surrounding Bernie Fine and Bruce Pearl "" – Tablet Magazine His father is Academy Award nominee producer Zev Braun."
Samuel B. Campbell was born July 2, 1846 at Jefferson County, Ohio, and attended public schools till age eleven, when he had to look after himself.
Martin Sloboda (born 2 October 1990) is a Slovak professional ice hockey forward currently playing for HK 36 Skalica in the Slovak Extraliga.
Air Commodore Mukhtar Ahmad Dogar was the Pakistan Air Force bomber pilot and aerial warfare specialist who was the first military person to receive the Pakistani military award Sitara-e-Jurat.
The Brigand of Kandahar is a 1965 British adventure film directed by John Gilling and starring Ronald Lewis, Oliver Reed and Duncan Lamont.
E-Tribe (Hangul: 이트라이브) is a South Korean record artist and music duo consisting of Ahn Myung-won and Kim Young-deuk.
Donyo Donev (; 27 June 192928 November 2007) was a Bulgarian animator, director, art director, comics artist https://www.lambiek.net/artists/d/donev_donio.htm and cartoonist.
Gawan is a town and a nagar panchayat in Sambhal district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Lake Gregory, also known as the Isis Balancing Storage or simply as The Duckpond Lake Gregory. Sweetwater Fishing Australia is a small impoundment between Bundaberg and Childers in Queensland, Australia.
Jereboam Beauchamp was born September 6, 1802, in the area that is now Simpson County, Kentucky. He was named after a paternal uncle, Jereboam O. Beauchamp, a state senator from Washington County.
Bard: The Odyssey of the Irish is a 1984 historical fantasy novel by Morgan Llywelyn.
The Maquoketa Formation is a geologic formation in Illinois, A comparison of the Maquoketa formation and its fauna in Eastern Wisconsin, Iowa and Illinois (1915), Thesis (M.A.).
Blood Valley: Seed's Revenge (also known as Seed 2 and Seed 2: The New Breed) is a 2014 American horror film written and directed by Marcel Walz.
Emilio Piazza Memorial School (EPMS) is a private, mixed day and boarding school located in Rumuigbo, Port Harcourt, Rivers State. EPMS was founded by Paul Amrasa on 15 September 1996.
Alessia di Matteo (July 4, 2003 – January 12, 2005) was an Italian from Genoa.
The Hart and Lorne Terrific Hour is a Canadian television variety show that aired on CBC Television in 1970 and 1971.
Napajedla (Czech pronunciation: [ˈnapajɛdla]; German: Napajedl) is a town in the Zlín Region, Czech Republic.
Borrowed Wives Borrowed Wives is a 1930 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Frank R. Strayer.
WUTC 88.1 is a public radio station in Chattanooga, Tennessee, in the United States.
Stephen Philips is an ambient drone musician who has releases on such major ambient labels as Hypnos, Blue Water Records, Gears of Sand, and his own record label, Dark Duck Records.
Born in Melbourne, McKenzie was educated at Scotch College, Melbourne and at the University of New South Wales. Ewen McKenzie played prop for the New South Wales Waratahs 37 times between 1987 and 1995, before joining the Brumbies in 1996, for the inaugural Super 12 season.
Jason Hook (born Thomas Jason Grinstead on October 3, 1970) is a Canadian guitarist, record producer, songwriter and session musician.
The Glen Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.
Luka Dominić (born 1 December 1993 in Čakovec) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Kaposvári Rákóczi FC.
Jean Baptist, Comte d'Arco (German Johann Baptist, Graf von Arco) (c. 1650 – 21 March 1715, Munich) was a diplomat and Generalfeldmarschall in the service of the Electorate of Bavaria during the Great Turkish War and the War of the Spanish Succession.
"The Santa Fe Urban Train (in Spanish: "" Tren Urbano de Santa Fe "" ) is commuter rail serving the metropolitan area of Santa Fe city in Argentina."
How to Get Tough About It is a 1938 dramatic play by Robert Ardrey.
Robert Nesta Marley, (6 February 1945 – 11 May 1981) was a Jamaican singer and songwriter.
"WSGG (89.3 FM, ""Radio Avivamiento"") is a radio station licensed to serve Norfolk, Connecticut."
Mazraeh-ye Yadollah Jafari (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Yadollah Ja‘farī) is a village in Fasarud Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.
The Right Attitude to Rain is the third of the Sunday Philosophy Club series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith, set in Edinburgh, Scotland, and featuring the protagonist Isabel Dalhousie.
The Bloc Québécois (BQ) (French pronunciation: ​[blɔk kebekwa]) is a federal political party in Canada devoted to Quebec nationalism and the promotion of Quebec sovereignty.
Krzemień-Zagacie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Across the Tracks is a 1991 American drama film about track and field directed and written by Sandy Tung.
Ken Jones Aerodrome (IATA: POT, ICAO: MKKJ) is an airport located 10 km (6.2 mi) west of Port Antonio, in northeastern Jamaica.
Goldene Zeiten is a German film released in 2006. It is the last film in director Peter Thorwarth's [de] trilogy of films set in his hometown Unna, and was preceded by Bang Boom Bang (1999) and If It Don't Fit, Use a Bigger Hammer (2002).
Aladdin is a Broadway musical based on the 1992 Disney animated film of the same name with a book by Chad Beguelin, music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Howard Ashman, Tim Rice and Beguelin.
The Port of Huntington Tri-State, centered on the Ohio River in Huntington, West Virginia, is the largest inland port in the United States.
Ballisa (Arabic: البليصة‎) is a Syrian village located in Abu al-Duhur Nahiyah in Idlib District, Idlib.
Kim Hyo-yeon (born September 22, 1989), referred to as Hyoyeon or DJ HYO, is a South Korean singer, DJ, and television personality.
The UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture (UCLA Arts) is a professional school at the University of California, Los Angeles.
The Yangon Times () is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
Mario Checcacci (29 April 1909 – 17 January 1987) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Livorno in 1909.
Kimberley Cooper (born 24 April 1980 in Sydney New South Wales), is an Australian television actress.
KDAC (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format, simulcasting KUKI 1400 AM Ukiah. Licensed to Fort Bragg, California, United States.
Ginir (also transliterated Ghinnir) is a town in southeastern Ethiopia.
Fiyo on the Bayou is the second studio album by the New Orleans four piece The Neville Brothers.
The Last Tycoon is a 2012 Hong Kong period drama film directed by Wong Jing, starring Chow Yun-fat, Sammo Hung, Francis Ng and Huang Xiaoming.
Dan Forshaw (born 19 May 1981, Blackpool, Lancashire) is an English jazz musician and music educator who started his career aged sixteen.
Maura McHugh is an Irish author of horror and fantasy in prose, comic books, plays, and screenplays.
Daniel Sullivan (born April 26, 1987) is a Canadian-born Italian ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with the HC Asiago of the Italian Elite.A.
He is married to English musician Sir Elton John. David Furnish was born in Toronto, Ontario, the son of Gladys and Jack Furnish, a director at the Bristol-Myers pharmaceutical company.
"The Peninsula Panthers are a junior "" B "" ice hockey team based in North Saanich, British Columbia, Canada."
KHRA (1460 AM) was a radio station located in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Vathylakas (Greek: Βαθύλακας, Turkish: Derince) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located on the Karpas Peninsula.
Gornja Koznica is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 77 people.
Dream Come True is the 6th studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1980.
Randy and the Mob is a 2007 comedy film written, directed and starring Ray McKinnon. It also stars Lisa Blount, Walton Goggins and Bill Nunn, with a cameo by Burt Reynolds.
Jarrad Prue (born 11 February 1982) is an Australian basketball player for the Lakeside Lightning of the State Basketball League (SBL).
Jahanzeb Khan () is a Pakistani television actor, model and singer.
Poshteh-ye Kavaru (, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Kavārū) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Harry Hess (born July 5, 1968) is a Canadian record producer, singer and guitarist best known as the frontman for the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem.
A prominent tackle, he is the only All-Southeastern Conference selection in the history of the Sewanee Tigers football program. https://dspace.sewanee.edu/bitstream/handle/11005/2554/sewaneealumninewsv3193637.pdf?sequence=1 His father Rupert Colmore, Sr. also played for Sewanee.
Uc Brunet, Brunec, or Brunenc (, ; fl. 1190 & ndash;1220) Aubrey, 19. was a nobleman and troubadour from Rodez in the Rouergue.
Madan Mani Dixit (February 17, 1923 – August 15, 2019) was a Nepalese novelist and a winner of the Madan Puraskar.
Total Linhas Aéreas S/A is an airline based in Belo Horizonte, Brazil, founded in 1988.
Justin Stanley is an Australian musician, producer and songwriter. Stanley has toured and recorded two albums with Beck, including the soundtrack for Nacho Libre.
Fred Johnston (born 1951) is an Irish poet, novelist, literary critic and musician.
Louis Réard (French pronunciation: ​[lwi ʁeaʁ]; 1897 – 16 September 1984), a French automobile engineer and clothing designer, introduced the modern two-piece bikini in July 1946.
Roggentin is a village and a former municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Daniel Gbaguidi (born 14 January 1988 in Cotonou) is a Beninese international football player.
The Larchmont Chronicle is a monthly community newspaper serving Larchmont Village, Hancock Park, Windsor Square, Fremont Place, Park La Brea and Miracle Mile in Los Angeles, California, United States.
Harold Tovish (July 31, 1921 – January 4, 2008) was an American sculptor who worked in bronze, wood, and synthetic media.
Fernanda Bañuelos (born (1997-03-19)19 March 1997) is a Mexican female volleyball player. She is part of the Mexico women's national volleyball team.
Kalle Eerola (born 1 November 1983) is a Finnish professional football midfielder who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side FC Lahti in Finland.
Megson are an English folk duo composed of husband and wife Stu Hanna and Debbie Hanna (previously Debbie Palmer).
Eight Clouds Rising (Japanese: 八雲立つ, Hepburn: Yakumo Tatsu) is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Natsumi Itsuki.
Quautlatas (Northern Tepehuán pronunciation: /quäutlˈätäs/) was a Tepehuán religious leader who inspired the bloody Tepehuán Revolt against the Spanish in Mexico in 1616.
Colin McEwan (1941 – 21 August 2005) was an Australian actor, host, comedian and radio announcer.
The UK Unionist Party (UKUP) was a small unionist political party in Northern Ireland from 1995 to 2008 that opposed the Good Friday Agreement.
Ni Nengah Widiasih (born 12 December 1989) is an Indonesian powerlifter.
Brian and Tony Gold are a Jamaican reggae duo from Portmore, St. Catherine, Jamaica.
Louis Thollon (May 2, 1829 – April 8, 1887) was a French astronomer. He was born in Ambronay, France.
Randy Gerard Legaspi Santiago (born November 26, 1960) more commonly known as simply Randy Santiago, is a Filipino actor/comedian, television host, singer, songwriter, producer, director and entrepreneur.
The Light of the Sun is the fourth studio album by American singer Jill Scott.
Carry On Maratha is a 2015 Romance, Action Marathi language film that was directed by Sanjay Londhe.
Shin'ichi Nagashima (永島 眞一, Nagashima Shin'ichi, July 8, 1937 – June 10, 2005), better known by the pen name Shinji Nagashima (永島 慎二, Nagashima Shinji), was a Japanese manga artist born in Tokyo, Japan.
Careful is the second studio album by new wave band The Motels.
Grand Ayatollah Mirza Javad Gharavi Aliari Tabrizi (Arabic: آيت الله العظمى میرزا جواد غروى علياري تبريزى‎) (1935-2018) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja.
Keymer is a village in Hassocks civil parish, in the Mid Sussex District of West Sussex, England.
Nothing But the Water is Grace Potter and the Nocturnals' first studio album.
Volim biti zaljubljena is the third album by Croatian singer Lana Jurčević.
Boleslav Polívka (born 31 July 1949 in Vizovice) is a Czech film and theatre actor, mime, playwright and screenwriter. He has appeared in more than 40 films.
Ebony Rolph (born 16 August 1994) is an Australian professional basketball player who plays for the Bendigo Spirit in the Women's National Basketball League.
The William Henry Smith School is a non-maintained residential school, located on the outskirts of Brighouse in West Yorkshire, England.
""" Bucket "" is a song by Canadian singer/songwriter Carly Rae Jepsen, released in April 2009 as the third single from her debut studio album, Tug of War."
WMCM (103.3 FM) is an American radio station broadcasting a country music format simulcasting WBFB. Licensed to Rockland, Maine, United States, the station serves the Mid Coast Maine area.
Jaungulbene Manor (Latvian: Jaungulbenes muižas pils; German: Schloss Neu-Schwanenburg) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.
Abubakar Siddique (born 19 August 1936) is a Bangladeshi poet, novelist, short story writer and critic.
Petrohrad (German: Petersburg) is a village and municipality (obec) in Louny District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
Restoree (1967) is a science fiction novel by American writer Anne McCaffrey, her first book published.
The Convocation (formerly The Convocation Of...) is an American psychedelic rock band from Baltimore, Maryland. As The Convocation Of..., the band was formed by George France, Tonie Joy, and Guy Blakeslee in August 1998.
Happy Couple (French:Bonheur conjugal) is a 1923 French silent film directed by Robert Saidreau.
Jef Martens (), better known by his stage name Basto (stylized as Basto! He primarily produces electro house music, and he is signed to the ARS label.
Shaking the Habitual is the fourth and final studio album by Swedish electronic music duo The Knife.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Kina was a significant tropical cyclone which became the second-costliest storm to ever hit Fiji, only after Cyclone Winston of 2016.
"Romance on the Range is a 1942 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers, George "" Gabby "" Hayes, Sally Payne, Linda Hayes, and Sons of the Pioneers."
Betty is an Edwardian musical comedy in three acts, with a book by Frederick Lonsdale and Gladys Unger, music by Paul Rubens and Ernest Steffan, and lyrics by Adrian Ross and Rubens.
John Prince-Smith (London, 20 January 1809 – Berlin, 3 February 1874) was an English-born, German free trade liberal and politician.
Nikokleia (Greek: Νικόκλεια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km north of Kouklia.
Günther Krupkat (5 July 1905, Berlin – 14 April 1990, Berlin) was a German fiction writer, known as one of the leading science fiction writers of East Germany.
"KWYI (106.9 FM, "" The Beach Radio 106.9 Kona 102.7 Hilo "" ) is a radio station licensed to serve Kawaihae, Hawaii."
St. Julien Ravenel (December 15, 1819 – March 16, 1882) was an American physician and agricultural chemist.
Broumov () is a village and municipality (obec) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.
Adh Dhlia'ah District is a district of the Hadhramaut Governorate, Yemen.
Hanna Fogelström (born 8 November 1990) is a Swedish handball player.
Pelican (or Untitled) is the first EP by the heavy metal band Pelican.
Buckaroo: The Winchester Does Not Forgive (, also known as A Winchester Does Not Forgive) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Adelchi Bianchi and starring Dean Reed.
The Flower Kings are a Swedish progressive rock band formed in 1994 by guitarist and singer-songwriter Roine Stolt.
Mao Tse Tung () is a 2007 Albanian comedy film directed by Besnik Bisha.
Grafenwöhr (Northern Bavarian: Groafawehr) is a town in the district of Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in the region of the Upper Palatinate (German: Oberpfalz) in eastern Bavaria, Germany.
Záběhlice is a cadastral area of Prague, Czech Republic, lying in both the Prague 10 and Prague 4 administrative districts.
The High Bridge Group is a geologic group in Kentucky.
Asya is the name of a Turkish album by Asya. It is her second and best selling studio album, released in Turkey.
De Mi Alma Latina (also known as From My Latin Soul) is a 1994 Latin music album by Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo.
Fazil Mammadov Asad oglu (Azerbaijani: Fazil Məmmədov Əsəd oğlu) is an Azerbaijani politician who served as the Minister of Taxes of Azerbaijan Republic.
Ice Road is a novel written by South African-born Gillian Slovo.
Antoine Kaldas(, ; born January 20, 1984), known professionally as Tony Kaldas , is an Egyptian-Greek singer, composer, performer, and healer who has spent his first 25 years in Egypt.
The Young Will Live (Greek: Oi neoi theloun na zisoun) is a 1965 Greek drama film directed by Nikos Tzimas.
"The Dubs are an American doo wop vocal group formed in 1956, best known for their songs ""Could This Be Magic"", ""Don't Ask Me to Be Lonely"" and ""Chapel of Dreams""."
KFWA 103.1 is a radio station licensed to Weldona, Colorado.
Gravity is the sixth studio album by American Christian hip hop artist Lecrae, released on September 4, 2012.
The Little Eagle (Polish:Orlę) is a 1927 Polish silent comedy film directed by Wiktor Biegański and starring Oktawian Kaczanowski, Maria Majdrowicz and Nina Wilinska.
The University of Texas–Pan American (UTPA) was a state university located in Edinburg, Texas.
Paul Schiemann (Latvian: Pauls Šīmanis; 17 March 1876 – 23 June 1944) was a Baltic German journalist, editor and politician who was known for his commitment to minority rights.
Donje Taborište is a village in Croatia.
Moonnam Pakkam () is a 1988 Indian Malayalam-language sentimental drama film written and directed by Padmarajan.
César Mauricio Velásquez Ossa was the Ambassador of Colombia to the Holy See as of 2010.
Szyszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Red Apples Falling is a feature film directed by Ethan Higbee and starring Jim Jones and members of Dipset ByrdGang.
Too Many Cowboys is the second double-album Dutch anarchist punk band The Ex. Released in 1987, it mixes live and studio recordings and marks the band's beginning a collaboration with British anarchist group Chumbawamba.
The Sprout Fund is a non-profit organization dedicated to funding various programs designed to increase civic engagement in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Jocelyn Penn (born September 10, 1979) is an American former professional basketball player.
Jean Richard (18 April 1921 – 12 December 2001) was a French actor, comedian, and circus entrepreneur.
Harold Lea Fetherstonhaugh (; 1887–1971) was a Canadian architect from Montreal, Quebec.
Simon Enciso (born February 12, 1991) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player for the TNT KaTropa of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). Enciso attended at Terra Nova High School in California, where he suited up for the Terra Nova HS Tigers.
Charitha Herath is a Sri Lankan academic and the Professor of Philosophy at the University of Peradeniya.
Brian Clark (born 3 September 1964) was a Zimbabwean cricketer.
Blackhole are an English hardcore punk band from Hemel Hempstead and Berkhamsted, England.
Special Olympics Cameroon (French: Special olympics Cameroun) is the national sports federation for people with intellectual disabilities. Founded in 2005, the Chairman of the Board was Christophe Ampouam and Director was Jean-Marie Aléokol Mabiemé.
Nasarawa State University is located in Keffi Nigeria.
Canzoni per le strade is a 1950 Italian film directed by Mario Landi.
Attarintiki Daredi is the feature film soundtrack of the 2013 film of the same name starring Pawan Kalyan, Samantha Ruth Prabhu and Pranitha Subhash.
Phoenix is the fifth studio album by the German symphonic black metal band Agathodaimon.
Trie Utami Sari or also known as Trie Utami or Iie (born January 8, 1968 in Bandung) is an Indonesian singer, composer and pianist.
Ros Atkins (born Cornwall, England) is a BBC News presenter who hosts the programme Outside Source which broadcasts at 2100 GMT, Monday-Thursday on BBC World News television.
Constance joined the hippie movement and encouraged her sons to get involved in the arts. Leto became interested in percussions from the moment he and his brother started playing music together at early age, and his models were artists of many different mediums.
Purbaya Polytechnic Institute, officially Politeknik Purbaya, is a private coeducational vocational education institution located in Tegal Regency, Central Java Province, Indonesia.
The Works is a greatest hit compilation by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga.
23 Live Sex Acts (also referred to as Against Me! and the 23 Live Sex Acts) is the second live album by Against Me!.
Patrik Le Giang (born 8 September 1992) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for Bohemians 1905. He was a member of the Slovakia national under-21 football team.
Papadom is a 2009 Malaysian film. It was directed by Afdlin Shauki, who stars in the film.
Danilo Bacchi (born 8 February 1983, in Rome) is an Italian association football defender who currently plays for Celano F.C.
Mazewo Dworskie A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Green Mansions is a 1959 American adventure romance film directed by Mel Ferrer.
Charles E. Jordan High School (generally referred to as Jordan) is located in Durham, North Carolina, United States.
Horacio Estrada Jiménez (born October 19, 1975) is a Venezuelan former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball.
| goals2 = 0 | goals3 = 0 Vinay Singh is an Indian footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Mohun Bagan.
Coordinates: 41°21′49.00″N 89°23′36.00″W﻿ / ﻿41.3636111°N 89.3933333°W﻿ / 41.3636111; -89.3933333 WZOE-FM (98.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Princeton, Illinois, United States, the station serves the LaSalle-Peru area.
County Hospital is a Laurel and Hardy short film made in 1932. It was directed by James Parrott, produced by Hal Roach and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
William Terry (August 14, 1824 – September 5, 1888) was a nineteenth-century politician, lawyer, teacher, and soldier from Virginia and the last commander of the famed Stonewall Brigade during the American Civil War.
Nová Dubnica (German: Neudubnitz; Hungarian: Újtölgyes) is a town in Trenčín Region, Slovakia.
Davies Chama (born 21 August 1964) Chama Davies National Assembly of Zambia is a Zambian politician.
Uttam Mohanty is an Ollywood actor in India.
Zgliczyn-Glinki [ˈzɡlit͡ʂɨn ˈɡliŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Largue is a village in the Bittou Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 621.
The Labor Party was a short-lived political party in the Territory of Hawaii.
The Cameraman is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick and an uncredited Buster Keaton.
Destry is an indie folk band centered on Michelle DaRosa.
Durisht is a village in the former municipality of Petrelë in Tirana County, Albania.
Holly Tucker (born December 22, 1992) is an American country music singer and multi-instrumentalist from Lorena, Texas who starred on Season 4 of television series The Voice.
A Brighter Beat is the third studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter, Malcolm Middleton, released on 25 February 2007 on Full Time Hobby.
Athade Oka Sainyam (English: He's an Army) (Telugu: అతడే ఒక సైన్యం) is a 2004 Telugu action comedy film produced by K .
Chris Larsen (born 1960) is a business executive and angel investor best known for co-founding several Silicon Valley technology startups, including one based on peer to peer lending.
Charles Makongoro Nyerere (born 30 January 1959) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and a retired army officer of the Tanzania People's Defence Force.
Namma Ooru Mariamma is a 1991 Tamil drama film, directed by K.
Shamsur Rahman (Bengali: শামসুর রাহমান; 23 October 1929 – 17 August 2006) was a Bangladeshi poet, columnist and journalist.
Disciples Divinity House at Vanderbilt is a graduate institution associated with the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) and the Vanderbilt University Divinity School.
No Commercial Potential was the debut studio album of Djam Karet, released in 1985 by HC Productions.
The Human Arts Ensemble was a 1970s musical collective operating in St. Louis, Missouri. Members explored free jazz and loosely associated themselves with the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) and the Black Artists' Group (BAG) collective.
He-Man () is a 2011 Chinese action comedy film directed by Ding Sheng.
Lochgelly High School is a non-denominational secondary school located in Lochgelly, Fife.
Kraljevo () is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 930 people.
Savanuru is a town and taluk headquarters of Savanuru Taluk in Haveri District of Karnataka state, India.
Christopher O'Malley (born January 24, 1963) is the current President and CEO of Compuware Corporation, an American software company headquartered in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.
The Man at Midnight (French: Le monsieur de minuit) is a 1931 French comedy film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Jean Weber, Josseline Gaël and Marcel Simon.
Puspalal Sharma (born 8 November 1983) is a Bhutanese former international footballer. He made his first appearance for the Bhutan national football team in 2009.
The Bakery is a 1921 American short comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy that was directed by Larry Semon and Norman Taurog.
Francine Pascal (née Rubin, born May 13, 1938) is an American author best known for creating the Sweet Valley series of young adult novels.
Ishaya Bako (born 30 December 1986) is a Nigerian film director and screenwriter.
Kings International College is a secondary school in Camberley, Surrey near junction 4 of the M3 Motorway.
Víllora is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 227 inhabitants.
Sakar District is a district of Lebap Province in Turkmenistan.
Malá Losenice is a village and municipality (obec) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Community Alliance for the Ethical Treatment of Youth official website. Board of Advisors CAFETY's current Executive Director is Kathryn Whitehead.
Dragons, Elves, and Heroes is an American anthology of fantasy short stories, edited by American writer Lin Carter.
Union Town is an EP by The Nightwatchman, alter ego of musician Tom Morello.
"KTLR (890 kHz, "" Community Talk 890 AM "" ) is a commercial AM radio station in Oklahoma City with a Talk radio format."
Aimee Bender (born June 28, 1969) is an American novelist and short story writer, known for her surreal stories and characters.
Grenki med is a novel by Slovenian author Andrej E. Skubic.
Imperial College Business School is a global business school located in London, United Kingdom.
Anguita is a municipality in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain, with a population of 203 in 2009.
Music Tribe, legal name Music Tribe Global Brands, formerly Music Group, is a holding company based in the City of Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is chaired by Uli Behringer, founder of Behringer.
Steve Ancheta (born September 10, 1969 in Portland, Oregon) was a U.S. soccer defender who played two seasons in the Western Soccer Alliance.
PICK-UP is a Ukrainian alternative rock band from Kiev, in existence since 2005. Members of the group are Kostya Leontovich (vocals, guitar), Michael Orlov (bass guitar), Danil Kalashnikov(drums).
Immodesty Blaize (born Kelly Fletcher in Hitchin, Hertfordshire ) is an English burlesque dancer who performs internationally.
Vocal Few are an American folk pop husband and wife duo, consisting of Matt and Kristie MacDonald, from Seattle, Washington.
Badharghat is a census town in West Tripura district in the state of Tripura, India.
Bryce Taylor (born March 19, 1989 in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma) is an American soccer player.
"Key of Life (Japanese: 鍵泥棒のメソッド, Hepburn: Kagi Dorobō no Mesoddo, lit. ""(The/A) Key Thief's Method"") is a 2012 Japanese comedy film directed by Kenji Uchida."
Heropanti () is an Indian Hindi-language romantic action film directed by Sabbir Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala.
250px|Mole Antonelliana, Turin Alessandro Antonelli (July 14, 1798 – October 18, 1888) was an Italian architect of the 19th century.
"Jowsheqan va Kamu (Persian: جوشقان وكامو‎, meaning ""Jowsheqan and Kamu"") is a city in Qamsar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran."
Our Daughter () is a 1981 Cameroonian drama film directed by Daniel Kamwa.
"Karutha Kai (English: Black Hand. Metaphor for "" guilty "" ) is a 1964 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by P. Subramaniam."
Kirby Cannon (born January 18, 1958) is an American college football coach and former player.
Bearskin Lake Air Service LP, operating as Bearskin Airlines, is a regional airline based in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.
A Complete History of My Sexual Failures is a 2008 British documentary film directed by Chris Waitt who also starred as the main character and composed some of the music.
The Lobster is a 2015 absurdist dystopian black comedy film directed, co-written, and co-produced by Yorgos Lanthimos, co-produced by Ceci Dempsy, Ed Guiney, and Lee Magiday, and co-written by Efthimis Filippou.
Chelsea Girl is the debut solo album and second studio album by Nico.
Girei is a town and local government area of Adamawa State, Nigeria.
Julien Aklei (born November 20, 1975 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and artist.
D'Angelico Guitars of America is an American musical instrument manufacturer based in Manhattan, New York. The brand was initially founded by master-luthier John D'Angelico in 1932, in Manhattan's Little Italy.
Sea Form (Atlantic) (BH 362) is a 1964 bronze sculpture by English artist Barbara Hepworth.
Daniel von der Bracke (born 28 January 1992) is a German footballer who plays for TuS Koblenz.
Simon Grigg (born 1955) is a New Zealand music businessman, writer, broadcaster, publisher, producer, DJ and archivist. Born in Auckland, New Zealand, he attended Palmerston North Boys High, Auckland Grammar and the University of Auckland.
Pathogen is a 2006 zombie horror independent film written, directed, and produced by Emily Hagins, who was twelve at the time of the film's production.
Work It is an American television sitcom that ran on ABC from January 3 to January 10, 2012.
Martin Segerstråle (BA MMus PGDip DipRAM LRAM), born August 31, 1984 in Turku, Finland, is a Finnish music director, pianist, conductor and composer.
I Hate Sally was a four-piece metal/post-hardcore band from Ontario, Canada. It was formed in 2000 in Kingston, Ontario by Marc Garniss, Ben Thomas and Kelly Payne.
Haleyuru is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
"Wagon Tracks West is a 1943 American Western film directed by Howard Bretherton, written by William Lively, and starring Wild Bill Elliott, George "" Gabby "" Hayes, Tom Tyler, Anne Jeffreys, Rick Vallin and Robert Frazer."
Włodzice Wielkie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Rain Graves is an award-winning author of horror, fantasy, science fiction and poetry. She is also a noted Wine Poet, commissioned and featured by winemakers and wineries, and the Creator and Hostess of the Haunted Mansion Writer's Retreat.
William B. Quandt (born November 23, 1941) is an American scholar, author, professor emeritus in the Department of Politics at the University of Virginia.
Pir Baksh Junejo (; born 14 February 1956) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, from June 2013 to May 2018.
Maurizio Anastasi is a former Italian footballer who plays midfielder. In June he was signed by A.C. Ancona from relegated Serie B team Cesena.
Square Deal Sanderson is a 1919 American silent western film directed by William S. Hart and Lambert Hillyer, written by Lambert Hillyer and Charles Alden Seltzer, and starring William S. Hart, Ann Little, Frank Whitson, Lloyd Bacon, Edwin Wallock and Tom O'Brien.
Ashley is a 2013 drama film directed by Dean Ronalds and starring Nicole Fox, Nicole Buehrer, Jennifer Taylor, Michael Madsen, and Tom Malloy.
Benwick is a village and civil parish in the Fenland district of Cambridgeshire, England.
Roshan Perera (born 2 April 1976) is a Sri Lankan entrepreneur, business magnate, investor and philanthropist.
Panithirai () is a 1961 Indian Tamil-language film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Muktha Ramaswamy.
Armed Forces is the third studio album by British musician Elvis Costello, released in the UK by Radar Records and in the US by Columbia in 1979.
Saint John, the Beheaded (Italian:San Giovanni decollato) is a 1940 Italian comedy film directed by Amleto Palermi and Giorgio Bianchi and starring Totò, Titina De Filippo and Silvana Jachino.
Kiril Vajarov (, 18 February 1988 – 18 April 2009) was a Bulgarian ice-hockey goaltender, who played for HC Slavia Sofia.
Lertchai Issarasuwipakorn (Thai เลิศชาย อิสราสุวิภากร), 1982 in Khon Kaen, Thailand) is a Thai futsal Defender, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.
Chief Godwin Olusegun Kolawole Ajayi, SAN (May 21, 1931 - March 31, 2014) popularly known by his initials GOK Ajayi, was a prominent Nigerian jurist.
Oru Kal Oru Kannadi () abbreviated as OKOK is a 2012 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by M.
Hotflush Recordings is a British record label. Founded by electronic musician Paul Rose, the label has released music by Scuba, Mount Kimbie, Boxcutter, Vaccine, Joy Orbison, Untold and many more.
Trapped in a Forest Fire is a 1913 American silent short film directed by Gilbert P. Hamilton starring Charlotte Burton, Sydney Ayres, Jacques Jaccard, Violt Neitz, Louise Lester, Jack Richardson, Vivian Rich, and Harry von Meter.
Her Jungle Love is a 1938 American Technicolor adventure film directed by George Archainbaud starring Dorothy Lamour and Ray Milland.
Three of a Kind is a 1936 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
Dancing Madly Sideways is the fourth studio album by British-based American musician Marcella Detroit, released in July 2001.
The Spinners: Their Early Years is a compilation album featuring The Spinners and other various artist that were signed to the Tri-Phi Records/Harvey Records label(s) from 1961 to 1963 (when it was sold to Motown Records).
The Black Captain (Italian: Il capitano nero) is a 1951 Italian historical adventure film directed by Giorgio Ansoldi and Alberto Pozzetti and starring Steve Barclay, Marina Berti and Paul Muller.
Jay Jopling is the son of Michael Jopling, Baron Jopling, a Conservative politician who served for some time as Minister for Agriculture in the Conservative Government led by Margaret Thatcher.
Artemare is a commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
John Davies Enys (11 October 1837 & ndash; 7 November 1912) was a New Zealand runholder and naturalist.
Brian Sánchez (born December 23, 1989 in Mazatlán, Sinaloa, Mexico) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.
Hans Holbein the Younger, Jakob Meyer zum Hasen (1516), left panel of a double portrait with Dorothea Kannengiesser, Meyer's second wife. Oil on wood, each panel 38.5 × 31 cm, Kunstmuseum Basel, Inv.
Lemeshynske () is a village (a selo) in the Zaporizhia Raion (district) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine. Its population was 38 in the 2001 Ukrainian Census.
The shoulder height is between 23 and 30 cm (9 and 12 in). The body weight of an adult raccoon varies considerably with habitat, making the raccoon one of the most variably sized mammals.
Flume is the debut studio album by Australian electronic musician Flume.
Geoffrey Anson, CricInfo. A right-handed batsman, he played ten first-class cricket matches during the 1947 English cricket season for Cambridge University and Kent County Cricket Club.
Vegelinsoord () is a village in De Fryske Marren municipality in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.
Bjorkdale (2016 population 201) is a village within the Rural Municipality of Bjorkdale No. 426, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The École supérieure des arts et techniques de la mode, or ESMOD, is a French private school of fashion. It was founded in Paris in 1841 by Alexis Lavigne.
Dödsfärd is the third studio album release by Viking metal band Månegarm.
Steven Knight (born 1959) is an English screenwriter and film director.
Gustav Steinhauer was born in Berlin c. 1870. He was an officer of the Imperial German Navy who in 1901 became head of the British section of the German Admiralty's intelligence service, the Nachrichten-Abteilung, 'N'.
The Divine Madness is an American Gothic rock band.
Němčany is a village and municipality (obec) in Vyškov District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Joshua Michael Stern is an American film director and screenwriter.
Let Me Stand Alone is a book containing collected writings, including diaries and letters, of Rachel Corrie, published by W. W. Norton & Company in 2008.
Carmín Vega (born 6 September 1955) is a Puerto Rican singer and comedian.
The Kiltorcan Formation is a geologic formation in Ireland.
The Removers is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1961.
""" Backroad Song "" is a song recorded by American country music artist Granger Smith."
The Mannish Boys are an American blues band based in Los Angeles, California, United States.
The Creeper is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd.
"KJMQ (98.1 FM "" Jamz 98.1 "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a Rhythmic Contemporary format. Licensed to Lihue, Hawaii, United States, the station is owned by James Primm."
Cecil Stuart Hazell Tresilian (1891-1974) was a British artist and illustrator, best known for his illustrations of children's books, including Rudyard Kipling's Animal Stories and All the Mowgli Stories, and Enid Blyton's Adventure Series.
Beagle Sky Ranch Airport (FAA LID: OR96) is a private Airport located 13 miles north of Medford in Jackson County, Oregon, USA.
{{Album ratings | rev1 = About.com | rev1Score = | rev2 = Allmusic | rev2Score = | noprose = yes Let the Tempest Come is the second studio album by German melodic death metal band Neaera.
84–86 is a double compilation album released by the industrial music band KMFDM in 2004.
Chungkang College of Cultural Industries is a private technical college in Icheon City, Gyeonggi province, South Korea.
Mercy Ravi (18 March 1945 – 5 September 2009) was a member of Kerala Legislative Assembly and the wife of the Indian politician Vayalar Ravi.
Kenelm Simon Digby Wingfield Digby (13 February 1910 – 22 March 1998) was a British Conservative politician. He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for West Dorset at a by-election in June 1941, and held the seat until his retirement at the February 1974 general election.
Matilde Muñoz Sampedro (2 March 1900 – 14 April 1969) was a Spanish film actress whose career stretched from the 1940s through the 1970s. Born in Madrid, she was the grandmother of Carlos Bardem, Mónica Bardem and Javier Bardem.
Romance Out of the Blue () is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Ning Ying.
Thene Manasulu () is a 1965 Indian Telugu-language romance film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao and written by Mullapudi Venkata Ramana.
NGC 214 is a spiral galaxy in the northern constellation of Andromeda, located at a distance of from the Milky Way.
Tropical Air is an airline based in Zanzibar, Tanzania.
Rodina (, Motherland) is a Russian illustrated popular science and history magazine headquartered in Moscow, Russia.
Thomson Mason (14 August 1733 – 26 February 1785) was a prominent Virginia lawyer, jurist, and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia.
One Step Forward (Spanish: Un paso al frente) is a 1960 Spanish comedy film directed by Ramón Torrado.
Gerrit Rudolph (born 2 March 1988) is a South African-born Namibian cricketer.
The Williamsville Formation is a geologic formation in Ontario.
The Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) is a college imparting education and research in the field of architecture.
How Harry Became a Tree is a 2001 drama film directed by Goran Paskaljević.
Jailor Gaari Abbayi (English: Jailor's Son) is a 1994 Telugu Action drama film, produced by Dr. Venkata Raj Gopal under the Sri Supraja Productions banner and directed by Sarath.
Małęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gózd, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
In 1921, Edith Clarke invented the Clarke calculator, a simple graph-based calculator for solving line equations involving hyperbolic functions.
French California () is a 2006 French film directed and written by Jacques Fieschi, based on short story by Georges Simenon.
De De Lind was a short-lived Italian progressive rock band active in the early 1970s.
Garabekewül District is a former district of Lebap Province in Turkmenistan.
Road 83 is a road in Semnan connecting Shahrood to Azadshahr and Gonbad-e Qabus.
Operation Wandering Soul is a novel by American author Richard Powers.
The 2014–15 Gamma Ethniki was the 32nd season since the official establishment of the third tier of Greek football in 1983. It started on 14 September 2014 and ended on 17 May 2015.
Léon Barsacq was the father of film actor Yves Barsacq.
Elena Sánchez Valenzuela (2 March 1900 & ndash; 30 September 1950) was one of the first Mexican silent film stars, was a journalist, and created the Mexican film archive.
Per Eberhard Cogell (1734 in Stockholm – 21 January 1812 in Lyon) was a Swedish artist who is one of these Swedish artists who were attracted by France throughout the eighteenth century.
Saint-Pierre-la-Rivière is a former commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
"The Bhagavad Gita is the title of Winthrop Sargeant's translation, first published in 1979, of the Bhagavad Gītā (Sanskrit: भगवद्गीता, ""Song of God""), an important Hindu scripture."
The scimitar oryx is a straight-horned antelope that stands just over 1 m (3.3 ft) at the shoulder.
Speechless is the ninth studio album by American contemporary Christian music singer and songwriter Steven Curtis Chapman.
"""Animal"" is a song recorded by English hard rock band Def Leppard in 1987 from the album Hysteria."
Meet the Blue Hearts was the first compilation album released by the Japanese band The Blue Hearts.
Andikan (, also Romanized as Andīkān) is a village in Dorud Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
WKXS-FM is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format and airing The Bob & Tom Show in the morning. Licensed to Leland, North Carolina, United States, the station serves the Wilmington area.
Rajender Kumar is an Indian wrestler. Kumar started playing wrestling at the school level in Gurukul, Kurukshetra from 1995.
John Karlsen, sometimes credited as Charles John Karlsen or John Karlson (20 October 1919 & ndash; 5 July 2017), was an actor from New Zealand who was active in cinema between 1958 and 2003.
Zony Mash is an album of vintage rarities and non-album B-sides by the funk group The Meters.
Moallem Kalayeh (, also Romanized as Mo’allem Kalāyeh and Mo‘allem Kalāyeh) is a city and capital of Alamut-e Sharqi District, in Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Krystian Żołnierewicz (born April 21, 1993 in Elbląg) is a Polish footballer who last played for Arka Gdynia.
Waiheke Island Aerodrome (IATA: WIK, ICAO: NZKE) is a private airport on Waiheke Island, 17 NM North East of Auckland, New Zealand.
Siobhan McColl (born 2 April 1991 in Gauteng, South Africa) is a South African figure skater.
Miss Modular is a 1997 EP by the post-rock band Stereolab, which served as the lead single from their fifth full-length studio album Dots and Loops.
XHIB-FM is a radio station in Caborca, Sonora.
The Laurinburg Exchange is a newspaper based in Laurinburg, North Carolina covering Laurinburg and Scotland County.
Get Damned is the third studio album from metalcore band The Agony Scene, which was released under Century Media Records on October 23, 2007.
Arizona is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Laura La Plante, John Wayne and June Clyde.
"Jean Dinning (March 29, 1924 – February 22, 2011) was an American singer and songwriter, best known for co-writing, with her then-husband, Red Surrey, the 1959 hit song ""Teen Angel"", the most popular version of which was sung by her brother Mark Dinning."
Agam Puram (English: Two-sided) is a 2010 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Thirumalai, in his second venture after Thee Nagar.
Sätra brunn is a spa town in Sala Municipality, Västmanland County, Sweden. As of 2010[update], it had 335 inhabitants.
Kiączyn [ˈkʲɔnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Otonica (pronounced [ɔtɔˈniːtsa]) is a small settlement below the northern slopes of Mount Slivnica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Annezin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Sri Suriyendra (; ; 1767–1836) was the queen of Siam, wife of Phutthaloetla Naphalai, who was her cousin, and mother of Mongkut and Pinklao.
Never Say Goodbye is a live album released by the melodic hard rock band Ten.
José Ignacio Sánchez Rius, better known as Josignacio, is a contemporary Cuban artist who is associated with neo-figurative and abstract painting.
A Handful of Soil () is a 1957 Turkish romantic drama film directed by Osman F. Seden.
Niilo Kalervo Kallio (28 March 1909 – 2 November 1969) was a Finnish sculptor.
Jan Robbe (born 14 June 1980 in Ghent, Belgium), otherwise known by his music project aliases Atomhead, Erratic, UndaCova and Diagnostic, is an electronic music artist.
Battram is a hamlet forming part of the Ibstock civil parish in North West Leicestershire, England.
Satan Takes A Holiday is a Stockholm-based band, created in 2006 by Fred Burman, Johannes Lindsjöö and Svante Nordström.
Ashdon, is a village and civil parish in Essex, England.
Michael Waginger (born October 11, 1979) is a German professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for ERC Ingolstadt in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Showtime is the seventh studio album by American musician James Brown.
Hamster Theatre is an American avant-rock, experimental and folk jazz music group based in Boulder, Colorado, and led by composer and multi-instrumentalist Dave Willey.
Next of Kin is a 1982 Australian horror film directed by Tony Williams.
Chandrasen Rathore (r. 1562–1581) was an Indian ruler of Marwar (in the present day Rajasthan state of India). He was the third son of Maldeo Rathore, who broke the Rajput tradition of primogeniture by naming Chandrasen as his successor.
The Belles of St. Clements is a 1936 British drama film directed by Ivar Campbell and starring Evelyn Foster, Meriel Forbes and Basil Langton.
Lauritz Falk (15 November 1909 – 1 February 1990) was a Swedish-Norwegian actor, film director, singer and painter.
Dhan Dhana Dhan is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Prem Kumar and Sharmila Mandre in the lead roles. The film is directed by Ramnath Rigvedi.
Happy Journey is a 2014 Malayalam drama film written by Arunlal Ramachandran and directed by Boban Samuel, starring Jayasurya, Aparna Gopinath and Lal.
Pilaitė (literally ) is an eldership in the Vilnius city municipality, Lithuania.
Cyril Walker (September 18, 1892 – August 6, 1948) was an English professional golfer born in Manchester who emigrated to the United States in 1914.
The Treasure Knights and the Secret of Melusina () is a 2012 German-Luxembourgian children's film. Directed by Laura Schroeder.
Armands Zeiberliņš (born 13 August 1965) is a Latvian football manager and former international player, currently working as the head coach of FK Daugava Rīga in the Latvian Higher League.
CJMR is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts multicultural programming at AM 1320. Although officially licensed to Mississauga, Ontario, it currently broadcasts from studios in Oakville.
Palmair was a British tour operator with its head office in the Space House in Bournemouth, United Kingdom.
Petronella (German: Petronella - Das Geheimnis der Berge) is a 1927 German-Swiss silent historical film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Maly Delschaft, William Dieterle and Oskar Homolka.
All's Well, Ends Well 2011 is a 2011 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Chan Hing-ka and Janet Chun.
"Thunder from Down Under is the third studio album by guitarist Frank Gambale, released in 1990 through Victor Entertainment "" Discography "" ."
Trauma is a 1993 giallo horror film directed by Dario Argento and starring Asia Argento, Christopher Rydell, Piper Laurie, and Frederic Forrest.
"Ha-Lapid () (lit. "" The Torch "" in Hebrew) was a Portuguese newspaper, part of the Jewish Community of Porto, founded in 1927 and published until 1958."
Penn was born in Santa Monica, California, to actor and director Leo Penn, and actress Eileen Ryan (née Annucci). His older brother is musician Michael Penn.
Campaign Button is a 4-track CD EP of songs by the Irish singer/songwriter Fionn Regan.
Reinier Estpinan Gómez (born December 5, 1982 in Havana) is a Cuban sport shooter.
Longest Day is an original novel by Michael Collier.
Victory () is a 1938 Soviet drama film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller.
Le Tueur () is a 2007 French thriller film directed by Cédric Anger.
Jarno Parikka (born 21 July 1986, Vantaa, Finland) is a retired Finnish footballer who played as a Striker.
Osiek Górny [ˈɔɕek ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Simona Gogîrlă (born 11 April 1975 in Focşani) is a retired Romanian handball player.
The Great Man is a 1956 American film noir drama film directed by and starring José Ferrer.
The Conflicts of Life () is a 1913 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström and Mauritz Stiller.
GD X Taeyang (also known as GDYB) is a South Korean duo from YG Entertainment, consisting of G-Dragon and Taeyang from Big Bang.
Yoshihiro Yasuda (安田 好弘 Yasuda Yoshihiro, born December 4, 1947) is a famed and controversial lawyer in Japan who is known for his anti-death penalty activism.
RoadRUNNER Transit is the local public transit authority serving Las Cruces, New Mexico The RoadRUNNER Transit Bus Tracker is an online service that riders can use to locate a bus in real time, and estimate its arrival time.
Diane Nukuri (born 1 December 1984, in Kigozi-Mukike) is a Burundian-American professional distance runner.
Ghost Riders in the Sky is a studio album by country singer Slim Whitman released by United Artists in 1978.
Bo Spellerberg (born 24 July 1979) is a Danish handball player, currently playing and coach for Swiss Handball League side TSV St. Otmar St. Gallen.
Juan Sánchez is a barrio in the municipality of Bayamón, Puerto Rico, United States.
Robert J. Horner (September 14, 1894 – July 29, 1942) was an American film producer, director and screenwriter.
Thale is a 2012 Norwegian supernatural horror film directed and written by Aleksander L.
Southwest (Portuguese: Sudoeste) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed by Eduardo Nunes.
Friedrich Bassler (21 June 1909, Karlsruhe – 7 September 1992, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German hydraulic engineer.
Language Arts is an album by Canadian alternative hip hop musician Buck 65, released in 1996 on the Four Ways To Rock/Metaphorensics labels (see 1996 in music) and reissued by Warner in 2002.
Sagan had a successful junior cyclo-cross and mountain Bike racing career, winning the Junior Mountain Bike World Championship in 2008, before moving to road racing.
Lander University is a public university in Greenwood, South Carolina.
Hit and Run (also known as Bumper or Hit and Run unrated) is a 2009 horror film directed by Enda McCallion and written by Diane Doniol-Valcroze and Arthur K. Flam (as Arthur Flam).
Robert Lewandowski (Polish pronunciation: [ˈrɔbɛrt lɛvanˈdɔfskʲi] (About this soundlisten); born 21 August 1988) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
The Outcomes Research Consortium is an international clinical research group that focuses on the perioperative period (during and after surgery), along with critical care and pain management.
Charlotte Bonaparte Gabrielli (born Charlotte Bonaparte; 22 February 1795 – 13 May 1865) was a French Napoleonic princess and the eldest daughter of Lucien Bonaparte and Christine Boyer.
Megumi Hinata (日向めぐみ, Hinata Megumi) is a Japanese singer, lyricist, composer and musician.
Alfred Tweedy (born February 24, 1880) was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. Tweedy was born on February 24, 1880, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Castello Caracciolo (Italian for Caracciolo Castle) is a Middle Ages castle in Tocco da Casauria, Province of Pescara (Abruzzo).
The Terror Tapes is fourth studio album by Irish thrash metal band Gama Bomb.
Momčilo Nastasijević (23 September 1894 – 13 February 1938) was a Serbian poet, novelist and dramatist born in Gornji Milanovac in Serbia, and whose work was issued during the literary epoch between the two world wars.
Blowin' Country is an album by saxophonists Bud Shank and Bob Cooper released on the World Pacific label.
William Turner (1651/2–13 January 1740, London) was a composer and countertenor of the Baroque era.
Margaret Joy Tibbetts (August 26, 1919 – April 25, 2010) was an American diplomat. A career Foreign Service Officer, she was the United States Ambassador to Norway from 1964 to 1969 under President Lyndon Johnson.
Rybníček is a village and municipality (obec) in Vyškov District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Putab (Persian: پوتاب‎, also Romanized as Pūtāb) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.
Oxygène 3 is the nineteenth studio album by the French electronic musician and composer Jean-Michel Jarre.
Prejish Prakash (Malayalam പ്രജീഷ് പ്രകാശ്) is an Indian film editor working primarily in Malayalam cinema.
The Power of Five (also known as The Gatekeepers in the US) is a series of five fantasy and suspense novels, written by English author Anthony Horowitz and published between 2005 and 2012.
Moon Banerrjee (born 23 April 1969) is an Indian television actress who rose to fame with Balaji Telefilms' Kasautii Zindagii Kay as Sampada.
Theerthadanam (2001) is a Malayalam film directed by G.
"""(The) Girl Friend of the Whirling Dervish"" was a novelty song written by Harry Warren, Al Dubin, and Johnny Mercer."
Chandranath () is a 1984 Bangladeshi film directed by Chashi Nazrul Islam.
The Fourth Revolution: Energy, also known as Die 4. Revolution – Energy Autonomy, is a German documentary film about renewable energy by Carl-A. Fechner, released in 2010.
The Warriors is a 1979 American action thriller film directed by Walter Hill.
Archenhold School is a public high school located in Treptow-Köpenick, Berlin, Germany in the school district Berlin-Niederschöneweide.
Hells Bells is a studio album led by American pianist John Hicks recorded in 1975 but not released on the Strata-East label until 1980.
Broken Bells is an American indie rock band composed of artist-producer Brian Burton (better known as Danger Mouse) and James Mercer, the lead vocalist and guitarist for the indie rock band The Shins.
Julia Feldman (, ; born June 22, 1979 in Samara, Soviet Union) is an Israeli jazz vocalist, composer and educator.
Frantsishak Alyakhnovich Frantsishak Alyakhnovich (March 9, 1883 in Vilnius – March 3, 1944 in Vilnius, , Łacinka: Francišak Alachnovič, , , ) was a Belarusian writer, journalist of Polish and Czech origins.
Strength and Honour is an album by Finnish black metal band Satanic Warmaster.
All's Well, Ends Well is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Clifton Ko. The film stars Leslie Cheung, Stephen Chow, Raymond Wong, Maggie Cheung, Sandra Ng, and Teresa Mo.
Stella Chinyelu Okoli (MON, OON) (born c. 1944) is a Nigerian pharmacist and entrepreneur.
Five Star Final is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Edward G. Robinson, Aline MacMahon (in her screen debut), and Boris Karloff, about the excesses of tabloid journalism.
Electric Soup a.k.a. Electric Soup: The Singles Collection is the first compilation album by Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus and contained all their Australian singles to date (September 1992).
Alcocer is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 313 inhabitants.
Ricardo Guillén Mendoza (born 17 June 1976, in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain) is a Spanish basketball player.
"Brainwashed (original title Schachnovelle, ""Chess Novella"") is a 1960 German drama film directed by Gerd Oswald and starring Curd Jürgens, Claire Bloom and Hansjörg Felmy."
John Newton is a Paralympic athlete from Australia.
Newfield Secondary School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status for 11–16-year-old children, situated in the south of the city of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, specifically in the Norton Lees area.
Ken Sykora (13 April 1923 & ndash;7 March 2006), born Charles Kenneth Sykora was an English jazz guitarist and radio presenter.
Benon Biraaro (1 March 1958 – 12 February 2020; surname sometimes spelled Biraro) was a Ugandan military officer and a high-ranking commander in the Uganda People's Defence Force (UPDF).
Rouse was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Christopher Rouse Jr., a salesman at Pitney Bowes, and Margorie or Margery Rouse, a radiology secretary.
The Young Lions is an album by an ad hoc group of jazz musicians: Wayne Shorter, Frank Strozier, Lee Morgan, Bobby Timmons, Bob Cranshaw, Albert Heath and Louis Hayes.
Luis Comitante (June 16, 1912 & ndash; ?) is a former Uruguayan-Brazilian football player and manager.
Adam Wingard ( ; born December 3, 1982) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, editor, cinematographer, and composer.
Oroszlány (archaic form of oroszlán, means lion; German: Ohreslahn) is a city in Hungary, Komárom-Esztergom county, Central Transdanubia region, located on the North-West flanks of the Vértes Mountains.
Wernshausen is a part of Schmalkalden in the district Schmalkalden-Meiningen, in Thuringia, Germany.
Jaroslav Marvan (11 December 1901 – 21 May 1974) was a Czechoslovak actor. He was born in Prague.
The Tuxedo Club is a private member-owned country club located on West Lake Road in the village of Tuxedo Park, New York, in the Ramapo Mountains.
Kaduthuruthy is a town in Kottayam District in the state of Kerala, India, and it shares border with Kochi Metropolitan Area.
Down to Earth is a 2001 American fantasy-comedy film directed by Chris and Paul Weitz and written by Chris Rock, Lance Crouther, Ali LeRoi and Louis C.K.
Új Magyar Szó (New Hungarian Word) was a Hungarian-language Romanian broadsheet newspaper, based in Bucharest.
Chwaliszew () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Keith Butler is an award-winning Indian Australian writer.
Takeshi Yagi (八木　毅, Yagi Takeshi) is a Japanese TV director/producer whose credits include Tsuburaya Productions' popular Ultra Series.
Dick Ho: Asian Male Porn Star is a 2004 documentary film directed by Jeffrey Lei, that explores the supposed existence of an adult film actor named Dick Ho during the 1970s, which is considered to be the golden age of the adult film industry.
The 3rd Army Tank Brigade was an armoured brigade of the Australian Army during the Second World War.
The Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represents the University of Colorado at Boulder.
DeAnne Smith is an award-winning Canadian-American comedian, writer and columnist.
The Hallmark Institute of Photography was a for-profit photography school located in Turners Falls, Massachusetts, operated by Premier Education Group.
Dědice is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
Sarapardeh () is a tourism village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, north of Kerman Province, center of Iran.
Ledaal is a manor house which served as the official residence of the King of Norway in Stavanger, Norway.
Another Side is an album released on 12 November 2007 by John Barrowman under the Sony BMG label. The album is composed entirely of chosen cover songs.
Maria of Antioch (1145–1182) was a Byzantine empress by marriage to Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos, and regent during the minority of her son porphyrogennetos Alexios II Komnenos from 1180 until 1182.
Before the Storm is the third studio album released by singer and songwriter Jack Savoretti.
Tom Wiggin (born July 6, 1955) is an American actor, writer and entrepreneur.
Roth was born in Dulwich, London, the son of Ann, a painter and teacher, and Ernie, a Fleet Street journalist, painter, and member of the British Communist Party until the 1970s.
Beatrice of Bohemia (Czech: Božena Česká; 1225–1290) was a daughter of King Wenceslaus I of Bohemia and his wife Kunigunde of Hohenstaufen.
Ithu Njangalude Katha is a 1982 Malayalam film made in India, by P.
Adrian Dunbar (born 1 August 1958) is an Irish actor and director from Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland, best known for his television and theatre work.
The Sadu () is a right tributary of the river Cibin in Romania.
The Queen of Sheba () is a 1952 Italian adventure film directed by Pietro Francisci.
Tiharu is a village in Hiiumaa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.
Anton Santesson (born April 29, 1994) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with Rögle BK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Tańsk-Chorąże [ˈtaɲsk xɔˈrɔ̃ʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Dominant Sex is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Phillips Holmes, Diana Churchill and Romney Brent.
Velizar Chernokozhev (Bulgarian: Велизар Чернокожев) (born 23 April 1995) is a Bulgarian volleyball player for Sir Safety Conad Perugia and the Bulgarian national team.
Catholic University of Croatia (Croatian: Hrvatsko katoličko sveučilište; Latin: Universitas Studiorum Catholica Croatica) is a private university of the Catholic Church located in Zagreb, Croatia.
Iman Budhi Santosa (born 28 March 1948), commonly known as IBS, is an Indonesian author based in Yogyakarta.
The Russler is a cocktail consisting of amaretto, bourbon, lemon juice, and cinnamon-infused 1:1 syrup.
Robert Badinter (French: [badɛ̃tɛʁ]; born 30 March 1928) is a French lawyer, politician, and author who enacted the abolition of the death penalty in France in 1981, while serving as Minister of Justice under François Mitterrand.
"Thomas Andrew "" Tom "" Perry (born 22 February 1993) is a British speedway and grasstrack rider. Born in Albrighton, Shropshire in 1993, Tom Perry began grasstrack racing at the age of six and took up speedway at the age of ten. ""."
Geri Reig is the debut studio album by German band Der Plan, released in 1980 by record labels Warning and Ata Tak.
Emilio Caraffa (1862–1939) was an Argentine painter of the post-impressionist school. Emilio Caraffa was born in Catamarca, Argentina, in 1862.
La Piscine (The Swimming Pool) is a 1969 Italian-French psychological thriller film directed by Jacques Deray, starring Alain Delon, Romy Schneider, Maurice Ronet and Jane Birkin.
Hope on the Rocks is the sixteenth studio album by American country music artist Toby Keith.
Calzonzin Inspector is a 1974 Mexican comedy film and live action comic adaptation directed and starred by Alfonso Arau.
Yeppoon is a coastal town and locality in the Shire of Livingstone, Central Queensland, Australia.
Azad Jammu Kashmir Medical College (Urdu, Kashmiri: , or AJKMC) is a public medical institute located in Muzaffarabad, Azad Jammu & Kashmir, Pakistan.
Myśliborskie Holendry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golina, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
1 Giant Leap is a British electronic music duo consisting of the two principal artists, Jamie Catto (Faithless founding member) and Duncan Bridgeman.
The Secret Servant is a third person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall, first published in 1980, and the first of his series of novels with the character “Harry Maxim” as the protagonist.
Macintosh Mondo Medicals is a freeware indie puzzle game developed by Jonatan Söderström, released for Microsoft Windows on September 13, 2007 and later for macOS on December 24, 2010.
The Caletieae is a tribe of plants under the family Picrodendraceae.
Glass Cloud was an American metalcore band from Hampton, Virginia formed by Jerry Roush, Joshua Travis, Travis Sykes, and Chad Hasty in late 2011.
CKER-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 101.7 FM in Edmonton, Alberta.
Peter Bonerz (/ˈbɒnərz/, born August 6, 1938) is an American actor and director who is best known for his role as Dr. Jerry Robinson on The Bob Newhart Show.
Coordinates: 37°45′4.28″S 145°42′19.11″E﻿ / ﻿37.7511889°S 145.7053083°E﻿ / -37.7511889; 145.7053083 Divisions Warburton Hospital was a private Adventist hospital in Warburton, Victoria in Australia.
Bill Mayo (born April 26, 1963) is a former American football offensive guard who played college football at the University of Tennessee and attended Dalton High School in Dalton, Georgia.
Head Smash a graphic novel by writer Vlad Yudin, artist Tim Bradstreet, and colorist Dwayne Harris.
Gary Miller, born Neville Williams (1924 – 15 June 1968) was an English popular music singer and actor of the 1950s and 1960s.
Soothsayers are a London-based band who perform and record original afrobeat and reggae-influenced music.
Ross Davidson (born 11 November 1973 in Chertsey, England) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender for Sheffield United, Chester City and Shrewsbury Town in the Football League.
Salsa Picante is an album by American composer-arranger/keyboardist Clare Fischer, recorded on January 30, 1978, and marking the eponymous recording debut of Fischer's Latin jazz combo.
The Kennedys are an American folk-rock band, consisting of husband and wife Pete and Maura Kennedy.
"La Juventud Imparcial ( "" The Impartial Youth "" ) was a fortnightly newspaper published from Sucre, Bolivia 1875–1876."
Vidivelli () is a 1960 Indian Tamil-language film written and directed by C.
Salalah International Airport (IATA:SLL, ICAO:OOSA) is the Sultanate of Oman's secondary international airport after Muscat International Airport. It is located on the Salalah coastal plain in the Dhofar Governorate, northeast of Salalah's city centre.
The World of William Clissold is a 1926 novel by H.
Montgomery Bell Academy (MBA) is a preparatory day school for boys in grades 7 through 12 in Nashville, Tennessee.
Reflexões de um Liquidificador (Reflections of a Blender) is a 2010 Brazilian black comedy film directed by André Klotzel.
Corneliu Ionescu ( February 20, 1956) is a Romanian painter, famous for his ballerinas.
Felix Flores (born January 29, 1976 in Juana Díaz, Puerto Rico) is a professional boxer.
Dennis Galabuzi Ssozi also Dennis Galabuzi Ssozi, is a Ugandan civil engineer, politician and businessman.
Bădiceni is a commune in Soroca District, Moldova.
Lemah () is a village in Kalashi Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
The Parisian Cobbler () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama film directed by Fridrikh Ermler.
Architectural Institute In Prague (ARCHIP) is a private international school of architecture in Prague, Czech Republic, established in 2010.
Republican People's Party Youth (also known as CHP Youth) () is the youth organization of the Republican People's Party in Turkey.
The Abeille Liberté is an emergency tow vessel (salvage tug) based in Cherbourg, France.
When the World Shook is a novel by British writer H.
"Tough Tenor Favorites is an album by saxophonists Eddie ""Lockjaw"" Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded in 1962 and released on the Jazzland label."
Sile Doty (August 30, 1800 & ndash; March 12, 1876) was an infamous robber, burglar, horse thief, highwayman, counterfeiter, and criminal gang leader.
WIPR (940 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a talk radio format. Licensed to San Juan, Puerto Rico, the station is currently owned by The Puerto Rico Public Broadcasting Corporation and is branded as 940 AM.
"Al Meltzer (June 26, 1928 – June 12, 2018), nicknamed ""Big Al"", was an American sportscaster."
"KQHK (103.9 FM, ""103.9 The Hawk"") is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock music format. Licensed to McCook, Nebraska, United States, the station is currently owned by Armada Media,."
North Country Cinema is a Canadian media arts collective based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Parisutham Institute of Technology and Science (PITS) is an engineering institution in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, India.
Cabin Creek USFS Airport (FAA LID: I08) is a public-use airport in Valley County, Idaho, United States.
Au diable la vertu (), is a French comedy film from 1954, directed by Jean Laviron, written by François Chalais, starring Henri Génès and Louis de Funès.
Harvie Krumpet premiered at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in June 2003, where it won three of the festival's four major prizes, the Prix FIPRESCI, Prix du public and Prix special du jury.
Onni Tommila (born 1999) is a Finnish actor, known for the films Last Cowboy Standing (2009), Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale (2010) and Big Game (2014).
"""Pets"" is a song by alternative rock band Porno for Pyros and the second single from their 1993 self-titled album Porno for Pyros."
Shikha Singh (born 7 February 1986) also known by her married name Shikha Singh Shah is an Indian television actress notable for her acting performances in Na Aana Is Des Laado, Mahabharat and Kumkum Bhagya.
Flower is the debut solo release of South Korean artist Yong Jun-hyung, member and rapper of K-pop group Beast.
Barry Altschul (born January 6, 1943, New York City) is a free jazz and hard bop drummer who first came to notice in the late 1960s for performing with pianists Paul Bley and Chick Corea.
Far from Vietnam () is a 1967 French documentary film directed by Joris Ivens, William Klein, Claude Lelouch, Agnès Varda, Jean-Luc Godard, Chris Marker and Alain Resnais.
Kotthadivayal is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census, Kotthadivayal had a total population of 301 with 152 males and 149 females.
Gabrielle is a 1954 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman.
The Camp Followers (), is a 1965 Italian World War II film directed by Valerio Zurlini and starring Anna Karina.
I Am Rosa Parks is a children's picture book written by Brad Meltzer in the 'Ordinary People Change the World' series.
Uuno Turhapuro is a 1973 Finnish comedy film directed by Ere Kokkonen, and the first, black and white Uuno Turhapuro film.
KLNX-LP (107.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Minturn, Colorado, United States.
Jacques Faivre, (b. Lyon 11 August 1934, d. 13 August 2010) was the French Catholic bishop of Le Mans from 1997 to 2008.
Yal Ayerdhal (26 January 1959 – 27 October 2015) was a French thriller and science fiction writer from Lyon.
I'm From the City is a 1938 American western film directed by Ben Holmes who also wrote the story which was adapted into a screenplay by Nicholas T. Barrows, Robert St. Clair, and John Grey.
Benjamín Alvarado (born 2 September 1985) is a Chilean professional golfer.
Spjutsbygd is a locality situated in Karlskrona Municipality, Blekinge County, Sweden with 383 inhabitants in 2010.
Zirchow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
A Safe Place is a 1971 American drama film written and directed by Henry Jaglom and starring Tuesday Weld, Orson Welles, and Jack Nicholson.
Baft (Persian: بافت‎, also romanized as Bāft) is a city and capital of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
"Jean Heysterbach, O.P. (died 1447) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Augsburg (1436–1447). ""."
Run the Tide is a 2016 drama film directed by Soham Mehta, written by Rajiv Shah, and starring Taylor Lautner, Constance Zimmer, Kenny Johnson and Johanna Braddy.
Blood Theatre (also known as Movie House Massacre) is a 1984 American independent slasher-horror comedy film directed by Rick Sloane and starring Mary Woronov, Johnathon Blakely, Jenny Cunningham, and Joanna Foxx.
Proust and Signs () is a 1964 book by the philosopher Gilles Deleuze, in which the author explores the system of signs within the work of the celebrated French novelist Marcel Proust.
Alfio Peraboni (8 May 1954 – 11 January 2011) was an Italian competitive sailor and Olympic medalist.
Dylan Evans (born August 18, 1966) is a British former academic and author who has written books on emotion and the placebo effect as well as the theories of Jacques Lacan.
"Colpi di fulmine ( "" Lightning Strikes "" ) is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti and starring Christian De Sica and Lillo & Greg."
KUCR is a non-commercial radio station at the University of California, Riverside, in Riverside, California, United States, broadcasting on 88.3 FM.
Amar Bukvić (born June 10, 1981) is a Croatian actor.
Victor Mine Aerodrome is a registered aerodrome located north of the Victor Diamond Mine in northeastern part of the Kenora District which, in turn, is located in northwestern Ontario, Canada.
In the Line of Duty 4: Witness (aka In the Line of Duty) is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Yuen Woo-ping starring Donnie Yen, Michael Wong and Cynthia Khan.
Anupriya Kapoor is an Indian television actress.
Jivaro (1954) also known as Lost Treasure of the Amazon, is a 3-D Technicolor film starring Fernando Lamas, Rhonda Fleming and Brian Keith, directed by Edward Ludwig.
The Carriacou Formation is a geologic formation in Grenada.
The FIS Ski Flying World Championships 2010 was held 18–21 March 2010 in Planica, Slovenia for a record sixth time.
Krrish 3 is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language superhero film produced and directed by Rakesh Roshan, and written by Honey Irani and Robin Bhatt.
San Pedro Perulapán is a municipality in the Cuscatlán department of El Salvador.
Calm Before the Storm is the debut album of Canadian country music artist Paul Brandt, released in 1996 on Reprise Records.
Otusz [ˈɔtuʂ] (German: Ottenhaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Brandhorst is a village and a former municipality in the district of Wittenberg, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2011, it is part of the town Oranienbaum-Wörlitz.
Dainius Kamaitis is the Lithuanian diplomat, former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Lithuania to Japan, the Philippines, Australia and New Zealand.
300px|right|Title page from L'Ami des Enfans (1782) Arnaud Berquin (September 1747 in Bordeaux – 21 December 1791) was a French children's author.
Il Gaucho (internationally released as The Gaucho) is a 1964 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.
Haukanes is a village in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
"""Small Stuff"" is a song recorded by the American country music group Alabama."
The Front Porch Country Band is an American country music band formed in Pennsylvania in 2001.
CFHK-FM is a radio station licensed to St. Thomas, Ontario, serving the Greater London, Ontario area, that transmits at an effective radiated power of 22,000 watts (60,000 watts peak) on a 161.5-metre (530 ft)-high transmitter at 103.1 FM.
Trident Basin Seaplane Base is a city-owned, public-use seaplane base located in the City of Kodiak, in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of United States.
Yuxarı Seyidlər is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Chex Quest is a non-violent first-person shooter video game created in 1996 by Digital Café as a Chex cereal promotion aimed at children aged 6–9 and up.
Ashraf Dehghani (Persian: اشرف دهقانی‎, born 1948) is amongst the best known Iranian female communist revolutionaries, and is a member of the Iranian People's Fedai Guerrillas.
"""Question"" is a 1970 single by the English progressive rock band the Moody Blues."
{{Infobox settlement | name = Belene Municipality | native_name = Община Белене | settlement_type = Municipality | image_shield = | image_map = Belene Municipality Within Bulgaria.png | map_caption = Belene Municipality within Bulgaria and Pleven Province.
The Best of Liverpool Express is a greatest hits compilation album by Liverpool Express, released in August 2002.
Eduard Spranger (27 June 1882 – 17 September 1963) was a German philosopher and psychologist.
Snow Flower (Korean: 눈꽃; RR: Nun-ggot) is a 2006 South Korean television series starring Kim Hee-ae, Go Ara, Lee Jae-ryong and Kim Kibum.
Trail of Vengeance is a 1937 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield, written by Fred Myton and George H. Plympton, and starring Johnny Mack Brown, Iris Meredith, Warner Richmond, Karl Hackett, Earle Hodgins and Frank LaRue.
Mahmut Celâl Bayar (16 May 1883 – 22 August 1986) was a Turkish politician, who was the third President of Turkey from 1950 to 1960; previously he was Prime Minister of Turkey from 1937 to 1939.
Wilczoruda-Parcela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
L'insegnante balla... con tutta la classe (literally The schoolteacher dances ... with the whole class) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Giuliano Carnimeo.
Gorenje Nekovo (pronounced [ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈneːkɔʋɔ]) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kanal ob Soči in western Slovenia.
Kayavoor is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. As per the 2001 census, Kayavoor had a total population of 1422 with 679 males and 743 females.
Golden Wind (Japanese: 黄金の風, Hepburn: Ōgon no Kaze), also known as Vento Aureo, is the fifth story arc of the Japanese manga series JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, written and illustrated by Hirohiko Araki.
Hoërskool Menlopark (Simply often known as Menlopark or Menlo) is a public Afrikaans medium co-educational high school situated in the suburb of Menlopark in Pretoria in the Gauteng province of South Africa.
Alexandra Lacrabère (born 27 April 1987) is a French handball player for Fleury Loiret HB and the French national team.
Taylor Group stratigraphic column in Texas The Taylor Group is a geologic group in Arkansas.
The HTC One (codenamed and retroactively called M7) is a touchscreen-based Android smartphone designed, developed, and manufactured by HTC.
Kimball Cho is a fictional character portrayed by Tim Kang on the American TV crime drama The Mentalist. Cho is a former Senior agent for the California Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and is currently an FBI special agent.
Sülldorf () is a quarter in the Altona borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany.
Rosimar Amâncio (born 2 July 1984), better known as Bill, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Chiangrai United as a striker.
The Cave of the Storm Nymphs is a painting by British artist Edward Poynter, depicting three nude sirens or nymphs from Greek mythology that lure sailors to their deaths.
Nipmuc Regional High School is a public high school in Upton, Massachusetts, United States, part of the Mendon-Upton Regional School District.
Majilovac is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradište, Serbia.
Kanni Thaai () is a Tamil-language road film directed by M.
The Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology and Epigenetics (German: Max-Planck-Institut für Immunbiologie und Epigenetik) in Freiburg, Germany is an interdisciplinary research institute that conducts basic research in modern immunobiology, developmental biology and epigenetics.
Lauren Montgomery (born May 4, 1980) is an American animation director and storyboard artist.
Helmuth M. Backhaus (1920–1989) was a German actor, screenwriter and film director.
Emmanuelle 7 (Emmanuelle au 7ème ciel) is a 1992 French softcore erotic movie directed by Francis Leroi, and starring Sylvia Kristel.
Sci-Fi SKANE is a musical collaboration of Swedish musicians Thomas Öberg and Jonas Jonasson, members of Swedish rock groups bob hund and Bergman Rock.
The Sheffield Formation is a geologic formation in Iowa.
El Buh () is a town in the northeastern Sanaag region of Somalia.
Twilight's Last Gleaming Cross Country Challenge is a four mile, annual cross country style running race.
Warren Fales Draper (1818–1905) was a publisher in Andover, Massachusetts for nearly 50 years.
""" I'm in Miami Bitch "" (clean version "" I'm in Miami Trick "" ) is the debut single of American hip hop/electronica band LMFAO."
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American slasher film written and directed by Wes Craven, and produced by Robert Shaye.
Narora Atomic Power Station (NAPS) is a nuclear power plant located in Narora, Bulandshahar District in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Takuma Aoki (青木 拓磨, Aoki Takuma, born February 24, 1974 in Tokyo) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Japan.
Lucky Four is an album by David Murray released on the Tutu label.
Lester Hudson III (born August 7, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Liaoning Flying Leopards of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA).
Maurice Bloch (born 1939 in Caen, Calvados, France) is a British anthropologist.
Leende dansmusik 2013 is a 2013 Matz Bladhs studio album.
Dagoberto Pelentier (born 22 March 1983) simply known as Dagoberto, is a Brazilian retired professional footballer who played as a forward. Born in Dois Vizinhos, he formerly played for Atlético-PR, São Paulo and Internacional.
Unser Land () is a political party in the French region of Alsace, established in 2009.
The River Horse is a bronze sculpture of a hippopotamus located on the campus of George Washington University.
Twist Coaster Robin (Japanese: ツイストコースター　ロビン) was a steel roller coaster at Yomiuriland amusement park near Tokyo, Japan.
Nikka Zaildar is a 2016 Punjabi film directed by Simerjit Singh, written by Jagdeep Sidhu and starring Ammy Virk and Sonam Bajwa as the main lead roles and was released worldwide on 30 September 2016.
KNRG is a terrestrial American radio station airing an Americana format licensed to New Ulm, Texas, and broadcasting on 92.3 MHz FM.
WKEX is a Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Blacksburg, Virginia, serving Blacksburg and Montgomery County, Virginia.
Cheraghabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Cherāghābād-e Soflá) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Strålsnäs is a locality situated in Boxholm Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 410 inhabitants in 2010.
Box of Frogs were a band formed in 1983 by former members of the Yardbirds, who released their first album in 1984. The core group consisted of Chris Dreja, Paul Samwell-Smith, and Jim McCarty.
The Savage State (or L'état sauvage) is a French drama film directed by Francis Girod.
KSAW-LD, virtual channel 6 (UHF digital channel 15), is a low-powered ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Twin Falls, Idaho, United States and serving Southern Idaho's Magic Valley.
Champion Christian College is a private Christian college in Hot Springs, Arkansas. Champion Christian College (formerly known as Champion Baptist College) was founded in 2005.
Dimitris Papangelopoulos (Greek: Δημήτρης Παπαγγελόπουλος; born 1952) is a Greek lawyer and politician who served as Alternate Minister of Corruption Issues in the Second Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras.
Árni Gautur Arason (born 7 May 1975 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic former football goalkeeper.
Sir Edward George Warris Hulton (29 November 1906 – 8 October 1988) was a British magazine publisher and writer.
Krajkowo-Budki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Lord Upminster is the second solo studio album by the English rock and roll singer-songwriter Ian Dury.
Celia Diemkoudre (born ) is a Dutch female volleyball player. She is part of the Netherlands women's national volleyball team.
Chavdar Tsvetkov (; born 8 March 1953 in Svoge) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a winger.
Jean-Baptiste Lafond (born 29 December 1961 in Bègles, France) is a former French rugby union footballer.
Mrče is a village in the municipality of Kuršumlija, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 93 people.
It Runs in the Family is a 2003 comedy-drama movie directed by Fred Schepisi and starring three generations of the Douglas family: Kirk Douglas, his son Michael Douglas, and Michael's son Cameron Douglas, who play three generations of a family.
The Way We Are (天水圍的日與夜) is a 2008 Hong Kong drama film directed by Ann Hui and starring Paw Hee-Ching, Chan Lai-wun, Leung Chun-lung and Idy Chan.
Virgilio Barco Vargas (17 September 1921 – 20 May 1997) was a Colombian politician and civil engineer who served as the 27th President of Colombia serving from 7 August 1986 to 7 August 1990.
Dorothy Duffy (born 1980 in Douglas Bridge, Northern Ireland) is an Irish actress.
Tonya Kay is an American film actress, television personality, and burlesque headliner who is the creator and producer of Tonya Kay's Pinup Pole Show.
Renewal is the sixth album by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1992.
The DA 001 was soon replaced by an almost identical cleaner, the DC01.
Vic Anselmo (born 21 March 1985 as Viktorija Kukule in Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian singer-songwriter who lives in Bochum, Germany.
Ganju Lama VC MM (22 July 1924 – 1 July 2000) was a Sikkimese Indian recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
"Royal Prussian Jagdstaffel 85, commonly abbreviated to Jasta 85, was a ""hunting group"" (i.e., fighter squadron) of the Luftstreitkräfte, the air arm of the Imperial German Army during World War I."
Minoru Kunizawa (国沢実 or 国沢☆実 or 国沢星実 or 国沢卍実, Kunizawa Minoru) a.k.a. Shūsaku Niki (仁木周作, Niki Shūsaku) is a Japanese film director, screenwriter, and actor best known for his work in the pink film genre.
Running Target is a 1956 American Western film directed by Marvin R. Weinstein and written by Marvin R. Weinstein, Jack Couffer and Conrad L. Hall.
Scribes is a lightweight free text editor for GNOME licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPLv3).
Hamburg Airport (IATA: HAM, ICAO: EDDH), known in German as Flughafen Hamburg, is a major international airport in Hamburg, the second-largest city in Germany.
Breheimen is a mountain range in the Innlandet and Vestland counties in Norway.
Rama Revealed (1993) is a science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Gentry Lee.
Mise à jour is the fourth studio album by French singer M. Pokora, released on August 23, 2010.
Buzzcocks is the seventh studio album by English pop punk band Buzzcocks.
The Fayette Sandstone is a geologic formation in Texas.
Sigh No More is the second studio album released by German power metal band, Gamma Ray in 1991 by Noise Records.
Rosa is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Joe Cheung and starring Yuen Biao, Lowell Lo, Luk Siu-fan, Kara Hui and Paul Chun.
Doris Akol is a Ugandan lawyer and administrator.
Baruch Elron or Barbu Teodorescu (1934–2006) was an Israeli painter best known for his unique Fantastic Realist style rich in symbols and allegories.
Bloodguilt is a 1996 thriller film directed and written by Yaky Yosha and starring Amos Lavie, Yael Hadar, and Avital Dicker.
María Teresa Castillo (October 15, 1908 – June 22, 2012) was a Venezuelan journalist, politician, political activist, human rights activist, and cultural entrepreneur.
Super Show 3 - Super Junior The 3rd Asia Tour Concert Album is Super Junior's third live recorded album, released on October 24, 2011.
Sapwaturrahman (born 13 May 1994) is an Indonesian track and field athlete.
""" Today "" is a song recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley."
Collecting Sunlight is the first EP from Swedish artist Andreas Moe.
A Girl Against Napoleon (Spanish:Carmen la de Ronda) is a 1959 Spanish historical adventure film directed by Tulio Demicheli and starring Sara Montiel, Jorge Mistral and Maurice Ronet.
Vik Grujic is an Australian professional mixed martial artist of Serbian descent who formerly competed in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Długie Nowe [ˈdwuɡʲɛ ˈnɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Święciechowa, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
The Legbar is a rare British autosexing chicken breed.
Jean Pommat (30 August 1944 – 24 March 2006) was a French swimmer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Aubervilliers.
"Ben Ray Luján (/luːˈhɑːn/; born June 7, 1972) is an American politician serving as the U.S. Representative for New Mexico's 3rd congressional district since 2009 and Assistant House Democratic Leader (what the party leadership calls ""Assistant Speaker"") since 2019."
Thorsten Margis (born 14 August 1989) is a German bobsledder.
John Treadwell (November 23, 1745 – August 18, 1823) was an American politician and the 21st Governor of Connecticut.
The Gray Horizon is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by William Worthington.
Chocolate Inspector, also known as Inspector Chocolate, is a 1986 Hong Kong crime comedy film co-written and directed by Philip Chan, and also co-written, produced by and starring Michael Hui.
The Old Maid () is a 1972 French comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Blanc.
Older is the third studio album by the English singer-songwriter George Michael, released on 14 May 1996 in Europe by Virgin Records and Aegean Records one day later in the United States.
Sunbai Oti Bharun Ja is a Marathi movie released on 11 April 1979. http://inrhind.in/index.php?route=product/category & film=293 Produced by Ram Karve and directed by Dinkar D.Patil.
The Birth of Alternative Vol. 2 is a compilation album released in 1998, from Rhino's Flashback Records imprint.
Stasys Povilaitis (15 January 1947 – 6 October 2015) was a Lithuanian singer/maestro.
The Great Warrior Skanderbeg (; ) is a 1953 Soviet-Albanian biopic directed by Sergei Yutkevich.
Phaethon is a steel inverted roller coaster at Gyeongju World in South Korea, which opened in 2007.
Kargin Haghordum (; Cool Program) was an Armenian comedy television show airing on the Armenia TV channel.
Wei Christianson, née Sun (born 21 August 1956) is CEO of China and Co-CEO of Asia Pacific for Morgan Stanley and a member of the Firm's Management Committee.
Prince Mikołaj Krzysztof Radziwiłł (Lithuanian: Mykalojus Kristupas Radvila; August 14, 1695 in Biała Podlaska – June 2, 1715) was a Lithuanian–Polish nobleman. Mikołaj became Podstoli of Lithuania and starost of Człuchów.
Babingley is a hamlet and abandoned village in Norfolk, England, about northwest of Castle Rising and north-north-east of King's Lynn.
Shovel is the second studio album by noise rock band Feedtime, released in 1986 by Aberrant Records.
Parzymiechy [paʐɨˈmjɛxɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Shri Ram Bhakta Hanuman (Hanuman, The Worshipper of Lord Rama) is a 1948 Hindi religious film produced and directed by Homi Wadia for Basant Pictures.
Salto Mortal (English: Somersault) is the debut studio album by Spanish electronic music group Fangoria.
The University of Leoben (German: Montanuniversität Leoben) in Austria is the country's university for mining, metallurgy and materials.
Kristo Floqi (24 May 1876 – 1951) was an Albanian patriot, playwright, politician, and lawyer.
Kobylnica-Kolonia [kɔbɨlˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Upland High School is a four-year public high school located in the city of Upland, California.
Oda Nagamasa (織田長政) (1587 – April 7, 1670) was a Japanese daimyō of the early Edo period, who ruled the Kaijū Domain.
Terry Kay, born 10 February 1938, in Royston, Georgia, is a novelist.
Lohbrügge (help·info) is a quarter in the Bergedorf borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany.
Go Osaka (逢坂 剛, Ōsaka Gō, born 1 November 1943) is a Japanese writer of crime fiction, hardboiled, thriller, spy fiction and western fiction.
Annabel Dream Reader is the debut album by The Wytches.
The Troublemaker (Spanish:La revoltosa) is a 1924 Spanish silent film directed by Florián Rey and starring Josefina Tapias, Juan de Orduña and José Moncayo.
Šilopaj is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 135 people.
Dupci is a village in the municipality of Brus, Serbia.
William Troy Dungan Jr. (born November 17, 1936), better known as Troy Dungan, was the former chief weather anchor at WFAA-TV in Dallas, Texas for 30 years.
Gateways to Annihilation is the sixth studio album by the death metal band Morbid Angel.
"""Love Can't Ever Get Better Than This"" is a song written by Nancy Montgomery and Irene Kelley, and recorded by American country music artists Ricky Skaggs and Sharon White."
Chris Samojlenko, better known as Anabolic Frolic and Chris Frolic, is a happy hardcore DJ from Canada who is known for the Happy 2b Hardcore CD series and the Hullabaloo!.
Charles Foix (French: [fwa]; 1 February 1882 – 22 March 1927) was a French internist and neurologist. Charles Foix was born in Salies-de-Béarn, Pyrénées-Atlantiques.
Sorg is the second studio album released by the Swedish doom metal band Faith.
Fulneck School is an independent day and boarding school, situated in the Fulneck Moravian Settlement, in Pudsey, West Yorkshire, England.
Lakkoju Sanjeevaraya Sharma () (27 November 1907 – 1998) was an Indian mathematician.
Gran in 1909 with a scale model of his aeroplane Einar Lilloe Gran (16 November 1886 – 1966) was a Norwegian engineer and pioneer of aviation in Norway.
Barney Simon (13 April 1932 – 30 June 1995, Johannesburg) was a South African writer, playwright and director.
Hill-Fields Entertainment was a production company that was founded in 1981 as Hill-Mandelker Films with producers Leonard Hill and Philliph Mandelker.
Mobley's 2nd Message is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley, released on the Prestige label in 1957.
Sweetsalt is a Lithuanian rock band formed in 2006 by lead vocalist Rokas Dobužinskas and lead guitarist Pijus Ganauskas.
Peter Clewes is a Canadian architect and the principal of the Toronto-based firm architectsAlliance.
Argillite ( /ˈɑːrdʒɪlaɪt/) is a fine-grained sedimentary rock composed predominantly of indurated clay particles.
Paldiski is a town and Baltic Sea port situated on the Pakri peninsula of north-western Estonia.
Tout de suite maintenant is a 2016 Franco-Luxembourgish drama film directed and co-written by Pascal Bonitzer.
Nicolò d'Arcano (1637 – 1 January 1714) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Comacchio (1670–1714).
Aliabad-e Kenar Shahr (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kenār Shahr) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District, Baharan District, Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.
Second Nature is the fifth solo album (fourth studio album) by Margaret Urlich, released in May 1999 - her last album to date.
Amr Saad is an Egyptian actor, born November 26, 1977 in Sayeda Zeinab district.
John Russell, 1st Earl of Bedford KG PC JP (c. 1485 – 14 March 1555) was an English royal minister in the Tudor era.
Gulbrand Jensen (24 September 1885 & nbsp;– ) was a Norwegian judge.
The Second Faymann government was a government of Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann.
Jackson Woods (born 1 February 1993 in Latrobe, Tasmania) is an amateur boxer who has represented Australia at the World Youth Games and Commonwealth Youth Games.
Norman Denbigh Riley CBE (26 September 1890 London – 26 May 1979) was a British entomologist with a special interest in the Lepidoptera and in particular the Lycaenidae.
John McCarthy (born June 27, 1961) is a composer for film and television.
Else Seifert (9 December 1879 – 23 June 1968) was a German architectural photographer and teacher from Dresden.
Michaël Eveno, better known by his stage name Grems (born 25 October 1978), is a French rapper and producer of French hip hop and designer.
The Texas Cyclone was a wooden roller coaster at the defunct Six Flags AstroWorld in Houston, Texas.
Seven Years Past is a hard rock/metal band from Sarasota, Florida, consisting of Lisa Larkin (vocals/guitar), Mark Medeiros (guitar/vocals), Stephan Rosser (bass/keys), and Matt Borror (drums).
The Sun News is a daily newspaper published in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, in the United States.
Thirty Island Lake is a lake of southern Ontario, Canada, located northwest of Frontenac Provincial Park in Frontenac County.
José Abelardo Barbosa de Medeiros (September 30, 1917 – June 30, 1988), better known as Chacrinha (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʃaˈkɾiɲɐ]), was a Brazilian comedian, radio and TV personality.
Sara Erikson is an American television and film actress.
Virgilijus Vladislovas Bulovas (born 6 November 1939 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian engineer and political figure.
Tholi Valapu (English: First Love) is a 2001 Indian Telugu-language drama film produced by M.
Vejrhanen is a 1952 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr..
Wael Jallouz (born 3 May 1991) is a retired Tunisian handball player.
The first quantum machine was created on August 4, 2009 by Aaron D. O'Connell while pursuing his Ph.D. under the direction of Andrew N. Cleland and John M. Martinis at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Crosby Municipal Airport is a public use airport in Amite County, Mississippi, United States.
Rati Aleksidze (Georgian: რატი ალექსიძე; born 3 August 1978 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a former football striker from Georgia.
Badagaulipady is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Larry Stewart (born March 2, 1959, in Paducah, Kentucky, United States) is an American country music singer, best known for his role as lead singer of the country pop band Restless Heart.
The population of Cambazlı is 729 as of 2011. Canbazlı was an important settlement during the early Byzantine age.
Alaki (Persian: الکی, meaning fake, irrelevant, or insincere) is a live album by Iranian singer-songwriter Mohsen Namjoo.
Florentynowo [flɔrɛntɨˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Believe is an American fantasy drama television series that broadcast as part of the 2013–14 United States network television schedule on NBC as a mid-season entry.
"KGFX-FM (92.7 FM, "" River 92.7 "" ) is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 format. Licensed to Pierre, South Dakota, United States, the station serves the Pierre area."
Sviadnov is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
"Changeless is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett's "" Standards Trio "" featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette recorded in concert in October, 1987 at various venues and released by ECM Records in 1989."
Arakshaka is a 2012 Indian Kannada psychological thriller mystery film starring Upendra, Sadha and Ragini Dwivedi in the lead roles. The film is directed by P. Vasu.
Jaathakam is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Suresh Unnithan. The film stars Jayaram, Shari, Thilakan and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles.
Shadow of Angels () is a 1976 Swiss drama film directed by Daniel Schmid.
Nuyts Reef Conservation Park is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia associated with Nuyts Reef, which is located off the state's west coast in the Great Australian Bight about 29 kilometres (18 miles) west south-west of Fowlers Bay.
George Greenamyer (born 1939, Cleveland, Ohio, US) is an American sculptor.
Hurricane Newton was one of the few tropical cyclones that were intercepted by Hurricane Hunter flights during the moderately active 1986 Pacific hurricane season.
Petina is a village in the municipality of Kruševac, Serbia.
The Clashford House Formation is a geologic formation in Ireland.
Peter Vogel (9 March 1937 – 8 May 2017) was a German artist, best known for his interactive electronic sculptures and sound art pieces.
Danishka Esterhazy (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian screenwriter and film director.
Aftab Hasan (Urdu: آفتاب حسن)[when?] commonly known as Major Aftab (ميجر آفتاب), was an educationist, linguist, and instrumental in introducing science education in the Pakistani public school system.
Antoine Paul Selmersheim (23 June 1840 – 4 December 1916) was a French diocesan architect.
"WRTO-FM (98.3 MHz "" Mix 98.3 "" ) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Goulds, Florida, and serving the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood radio market."
Nabasnonghin (or Nabasnoguen) is a village in the Boudry Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 877.
Böyük Həmyə (also, Arab Gam’ya and Bëyuk Gam’ya) is a village and municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Self Taught is a Canadian hip-hop group formed in 2002 in Vancouver. Its three members, which are all producers/emcees, consists of Cliff Herman, Vintage and Jay Robillard.
Cheung Po-kin (born 16 September 1934), better known by his stage name Chor Yuen (), is a Hong Kong-Chinese film director, screenwriter and actor.
MotorCoach Australia was an Australian bus manufacturer in [kingston Logan, Brisbane. MotorCoach Australia was formed in 1982 by former Denning employees Kevin Johnson and Dick White based in Kingston.
Falenty Duże [faˈlɛntɨ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Suction is the third studio album by noise rock band Feedtime, released in 1989 by Rough Trade Records.
Yoshifumi Suzuki (鈴木 寛史, Suzuki Yoshifumi, born (1983-03-31)31 March 1983) is a Japanese male volleyball player.
On the Way to School () is a 2008 Turkish documentary film directed by Orhan Eskiköy and Özgür Doğan.
The Serenity of Suffering is the twelfth studio album by American nu metal band Korn, released on October 21, 2016.
Enrico Colli, vulgo Paor (born Cortina d'Ampezzo, December 11, 1896 – died Cortina d'Ampezzo 1982), was an Italian cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
Mattie Montgomery is an American musician and the former lead vocalist and frontman of Christian metal band For Today from 2007.
Lake Barombi Mbo or Barombi-ma-Mbu is a lake near Kumba in the Southwest Region of Cameroon.
Kenenisa Bekele (Oromo: Qananiisaa baqqalaa; Amharic: ቀነኒሳ በቀለ; born 13 June 1982) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner and the current world record and Olympic record holder in both the 5000-metre and 10,000-metre events.
Mayumi Yamaguchi (山口 眞弓, Yamaguchi Mayumi, born May 12, 1975) is a Japanese voice actress who is affiliated with Accent.
Nathan Fake is an English electronic music artist from Necton in Norfolk, England, who has released singles as well as three albums on the label Border Community Recordings.
Titus Mulama (born 6 August 1980 ) is a Kenyan international footballer, who plays for the Sofapaka F.C.
Dylan Bluestone (born January 8, 1997) is an American child actor.
Tillinghast Licht LLP was a Providence, Rhode Island based law firm, from 1818 to 2008.
Bell Features, also known as Commercial Signs of Canada, was a Canadian comic book publisher during the World War II era.
Urswick is a civil parish that includes the villages of Great Urswick and Little Urswick and are located in the Furness peninsula in Cumbria, England.
Ex Hex is an American rock band formed in 2013. The band consists of Mary Timony, Betsy Wright and Laura Harris.
for the film and television actor, see Inder Kumar Indra Kumar is an Indian film director and producer.
Yoo Seung-woo, also stylised Yu Seung Woo (, born February 26, 1997), is a South Korean singer-songwriter and guitarist.
A Book of Memories (Hungarian: Emlékiratok könyve) is a 1986 novel by the Hungarian writer Péter Nádas.
"""Hekira no Sora e Izanaedo"" (碧羅の天へ誘えど, Invitation to the Blue Sky) is the 15th single of the J-pop singer Kotoko."
Jangarh Singh Shyam (1962–2001) was a pioneering contemporary Indian artist credited with being the creator of a new school of Indian art called ‘Jangarh Kalam’.
Senica Airport (ICAO: LZSE) is a private airport near the city of Senica in western Slovakia.
1636: Commander Cantrell in the West Indies is a novel in the 1632 series written by Eric Flint and Charles E. Gannon and published on June 3, 2014.
Kunio Murai (村井 國夫, Murai Kunio, born September 20, 1944 in Tianjin, China) is a Japanese actor and voice actor.
Gypo is a 2005 independent film written and directed by Jan Dunn.
My Mercury Mouth E.P is an extended play (EP) by English big beat duo The Chemical Brothers, and their final release under the name The Dust Brothers.
James Yoku (born on September 2, 1992) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persidafon Dafonsoro.
Marigny-Saint-Marcel is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Jeethu Joseph (born 10 November 1972) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, and producer who predominantly works in Malayalam cinema.
La Maternelle (International title: Children of Montmartre) is a 1933 French film directed and written by Jean Benoît-Lévy and Marie Epstein.
Edward Irving Wortis (born 23 December 1937), better known by the pen name Avi, is an American author of young adult and children's literature.
John Christ (born John Wolfgang Knoll on February 19, 1965) is a musician best known as the original guitarist for the metal band Danzig.
"""Does My Ring Burn Your Finger"" is a song written by Julie Miller and Buddy Miller, and recorded by American country music artist Lee Ann Womack."
Zebina Šuma () is a village in the municipality of Foča, Federation of BiH, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Eyes of the Beast is the second studio album by black metal band Astrofaes.
Arashi (嵐) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Hiroshi Inagaki.
Maxfield Parrish was a British fashion brand founded by Nigel Preston in the early 1970s.
Francisca Raquel Navas Gardela, better known as Paca Navas (1883–1971), was a Honduran journalist, writer and feminist.
Hiziel Souza Soares (born 16 May 1985 in Manaus, Amazonas), commonly known as Soares, is a Brazilian football striker.
Qoljeh Tappeh (Persian: قلغه تپه‎) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
"The 2005 Bulgarian Supercup was the third Bulgarian Supercup match, a football match which was contested between the "" A "" professional football group champion, CSKA Sofia, and the winner of Bulgarian Cup, Levski Sofia."
Surindar Singh Mann, better known as Sharry Mann is an Indian playback singer and film actor.
Confirm or Deny is a 1941 film made by 20th Century Fox, directed by Archie Mayo and Fritz Lang (uncredited), and starring by Don Ameche and Joan Bennett.
Saint-Pierre-de-Côle is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Nowy Janków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
"Marta Simlat, known as J.K. (born 2 January 1970) is a Polish model and eurodance ""singer"" who enjoyed moderate success in the mid- to late-1990s with the Italian producers Larry Pignagnoli and Davide Riva."
Ryutarou Akimoto (秋元 龍太朗, Akimoto Ryūtarō, born March 13, 1995) is a Japanese actor and model.
Angels in the Outfield is a 1994 American family sports fantasy comedy-drama film directed by William Dear.
The New-England Repertory was a newspaper published from 1803 through 1820. It was first published in Newburyport, Massachusetts, but was moved to Boston in 1804 and renamed The Repertory.
Jim Lind (born November 11, 1947) is a former American football player and coach.
Samuel Merritt University (SMU) is a private university focused on health sciences and located on the Summit campus of the Alta Bates Summit Medical Center in Oakland, California.
Into Thin Air: A Personal Account of the Mt. Everest Disaster is a 1997 bestselling non-fiction book written by Jon Krakauer.
Ian Lee (Ian James Lee) is an American journalist based in Britain for CBS News.
The Rotterdam Marathon, currently branded NN Rotterdam Marathon, is an annual marathon that has been held in Rotterdam, the Netherlands since 1981. It has been held in April every year since the third edition in 1984, and attracts many top athletes.
Dr. Scholl's is a footwear and orthopedic foot care brand owned by Scholl's Wellness Company in the North and Latin American markets, and by Reckitt Benckiser in its remaining markets worldwide.
Demons Don't Dream is a fantasy novel by American writer Piers Anthony, the sixteenth book of the Xanth series.
Kenya Television Network is a Kenyan free-to-air television network that was launched in March 1990 by Jared Kangwana. It is headquartered Standard Group Centre, Nairobi.
Puszcza Mariańska [ˈpuʂt͡ʂa maˈrjaɲska] is a village in Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
OSI is an American progressive rock band, originally formed by Fates Warning guitarist Jim Matheos in 2002. Chroma Key keyboardist and vocalist Kevin Moore is the only other full-time member of the band.
Masaki Yoshida (吉田 正樹, Yoshida Masaki, born April 10, 1984) is a former Japanese football player.
Giuseppe Addobbati (born December 31, 1909 in Makarska – died January 4, 1986 in Rome) was an Italian film actor known for his roles in Spaghetti Western and action films in the 1960s and 1970s.
Ins and Outs is an album by Argentine composer, pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1982 and released on the Palo Alto label.
Live Evil is the first official live album by British heavy metal band Black Sabbath.
Georgi Staykov (, born 10 August 1964 in Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian actor.
Rozalind MacPhail is a Canadian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
Devil's Partner is a 1958 American film starring Ed Nelson, directed by Charles R. Rondeau and produced by Hugh Hooker, an actor and stuntman who had previously made the 1958 film The Littlest Hobo.
Andrija Prlainović (Serbian Cyrillic: Андрија Прлаиновић; born 28 April 1987) is a Serbian water polo player.
Vinícius Pacheco dos Santos (born 27 September 1985), known as Vinícius Pacheco, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Portuguesa. Born in São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro, Vinícius Pacheco started his career in Flamengo.
Angela is a 1978 Canadian drama film directed by Boris Sagal and starring Sophia Loren and Steve Railsback.
I Was Born in Buenos Aires (Spanish: He nacido en Buenos Aires) is a 1959 Argentine film directed by Francisco Múgica.
2030 – Aufstand der Jungen is a German film directed by Jörg Lühdorff.
Grove City Airport is a public airport west of Grove City, in Mercer County, Pennsylvania.
Onofrio Barone (born 4 July 1964) is an Italian football coach and former player. Barone started his career at hometown club Palermo, a club he left in 1986 after it went bankrupt.
Konstantin Petrossian (; ; born 12 August 1946 in Yerevan, Armenia) is a composer, pianist and conductor.
Air Gaspé was a Canadian airline headquartered in Sept-Îles, Quebec.
Auga is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
The Casket Lottery is an indie rock band from Kansas City, Missouri, United States signed to Second Nature Recordings. The band started in 1997 after Nathan Ellis spent time on the road with Coalesce.
James Reese Europe (February 22, 1880 – May 9, 1919), sometimes known as Jim Europe, was an American ragtime and early jazz bandleader, arranger, and composer.
The Wrexham Maelor Hospital (Welsh: Ysbyty Maelor Wrecsam) is a district general hospital for the north east region of Wales.
Andrew S. Rosen is current Chairman and CEO of Kaplan, Inc., http://www.kaplan.com/about-kaplan/leadership/ a global education company that began as a test prep provider in 1938 and was purchased by The Washington Post Company, now Graham Holdings Company, in 1984.
Coach House Books is an independent Canadian publishing company located in Toronto, Ontario.
Farhad Fakhreddini (Persian: فرهاد فخرالدینی‎; born 11 March 1938 in Tabriz, East Azerbaijan) is an Iranian composer, conductor and founder of Iran’s National Orchestra.
Ron Vivian (19 February 1914 – 5 September 1973) was an Australian cartoonist who is perhaps best known as having drawn Ginger Meggs after the original creator, Jimmy Bancks died in 1952.
Yuko Araki (新木 優子, Araki Yūko, born 15 December 1993 in Tokyo) is a Japanese actress and fashion model represented by Stardust Promotion.
Kaleh-ye Zard () is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Woodenhead is a 2003 New Zealand film directed by Florian Habicht.
Empire of Silver (simplified Chinese: 白银帝国; traditional Chinese: 白銀帝國; pinyin: Báiyín Dìguó; Jyutping: Baak6 Ngan4 Dai3 Gwok3) is a 2009 historical epic film written and directed by Christina Yao, based on the novel The Silver Valley by Cheng Yi.
Yosef Amit (Hebrew: born יוסף עמית‎ 1945) is a former Israeli military intelligence major who was convicted of espionage in 1987.
Edwin S. Grosvenor is a writer, photographer, and President and Editor-in-Chief of American Heritage.
Puddinghead is the third studio album by Australian indie pop band Ball Park Music.
The Family is a Japanese novel written by Tōson Shimazaki, first serialized in 1910–11 under the title Ie (家).
Apradhi is a 1992 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Ravi Shankar and produced by N.R.
Alvise Pisani (1 January 1664 in Venice – 17 June 1741 in Venice) was the 114th Doge of Venice, serving from 17 January 1735 until his death.
He was on the losing side in Carlill v Carbolic Smoke Ball Co (1892), a landmark English contract law case that established that a company was obliged to meet its advertised pledges.
The Prophet of Hunger () is a 1970 Brazilian drama film directed by Maurice Capovila.
Narradores de Javé (The Storytellers) is a 2003 Brazilian film by Eliane Caffé.
Pierre Labatut, also known as Pedro Labatut (Cannes 1776 - Salvador 1849) was a French general who fought in the Brazilian War of Independence.
Barry Ditewig ( (born 14 October 1977 in Veenendaal) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for MVV Alcides.
Loyandford is a woman's fashion brand established in 1999 in Los Angeles by German Designers Stefan Loy and Frank Ford.
Charlton Young (born August 15, 1971) is an American college basketball assistant coach at Florida State and the former head coach of the Georgia Southern University Eagles men's basketball team, located in Statesboro, Georgia.
Castle Rock Entertainment is an American film and television production company founded in 1987 by Martin Shafer, director Rob Reiner, Andrew Scheinman, Glenn Padnick and Alan Horn.
Davidson Ezinwa (born 22 November 1971) is a former sprinter from Nigeria.
Muñecos de Papel is the first soundtrack album to the telenovela Alcanzar una estrella II, released in 1991.
Nether Wasdale is a village in Cumbria, England, located in the Wasdale valley, near the River Irt and just over a mile to the west of the Wastwater lake.
Giovanni Bernardino Grandopoli (died 1590) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Lettere-Gragnano (1576–1590).
The Madonna of Bruges is a marble sculpture by Michelangelo of the Virgin and Child.
Las Jaworski [ˈlas jaˈvɔrski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Ísafjörður Airport (IATA: IFJ, ICAO: BIIS) is an airport serving Ísafjörður, a town in the Westfjords (Icelandic: Vestfirðir) region in northwestern Iceland.
Cruelty and the Beast is the third studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth.
Jemielno () is a village in Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Yuan Ze University (YZU; Chinese: 元智大學) is a private university located in Taoyuan City, Taiwan. Established in 1989, YZU campus is in Zhongli District, Taoyuan; Taipei; and Bade District, Taoyuan.
Director of Product, Google Bernardo Hernández González (born 1970) is a Spanish technology entrepreneur and business angel.
Montreuil-sous-Pérouse (Breton: Mousterel-ar-Veineg) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Radomyshl Raion (Ukrainian: Радомишльський район) is a raion (district) in Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.
Sugar Town is a 1999 independent film co-written and co-directed by Allison Anders and Kurt Voss, concerning a tangled web of characters coping with ambition, fame, and the aftermath of fame.
A Single Girl (French: La Fille seule) is a 1995 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot.
.fk is the country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for the Falkland Islands.
Toshiki Masuda (増田 俊樹, Masuda Toshiki, born March 8, 1990, in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture) is a Japanese actor, voice actor and singer previously affiliated with Space Craft Entertainment.
Nobody Lives for Ever (published in American editions as Nobody Lives Forever), first published in 1986, was the fifth novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond.
Xiangqi (Chinese: 象棋; pinyin: xiàngqí; English: /ˈʃɑːŋtʃi/), also called Chinese chess, is a strategy board game for two players.
Bernard Holden MBE (15 March 1908 – 4 October 2012) was a twentieth century railway engineer and manager with Southern and British Railways and a founding father of standard gauge railway preservation in the United Kingdom.
Perfect Target is a 1997 action/thriller film directed by Sheldon Lettich and starring Daniel Bernhardt.
Ragged Atlas is a studio album by Fred Frith's United States experimental rock group Cosa Brava.
Adjoa Bayor (born 17 May 1979 in Accra) is the former skipper of the Black Queens, which is the Ghana women's national football team.
The Iloilo Schools Sports Association (High School Basketball) is a sports association of Universities and Colleges in Iloilo City, Philippines.
""" One Step Forward "" is a song written by Chris Hillman and Bill Wildes, and recorded by American country music group The Desert Rose Band."
Johnny Come Lately is a 1943 drama film directed by William K. Howard starring James Cagney, Grace George and Marjorie Main.
Bipana Thapa () is a Nepali Actress. Bipana had been active in Nepali film industry until she got married in 2008 to Ashutosh Bhardwoj.
Massacre is an Argentine Alternative rock band, formed in 1986 in Buenos Aires.
De Witte is a Belgian film of 1934 in black and white, directed by Jan Vanderheyden.
Robert Harris (born June 13, 1969 in Riviera Beach, Florida) is a former American football defensive end and defensive tackle in the National Football League.
Mentre tutto cambia is the second solo studio album of the Italian singer-songwriter Annalisa, published on 27 March 2012 by Warner Music Italy.
Patrick Henry High School is a public high school in Ashland, Virginia in Hanover County.
Kemparaj Bilidaale Lockup Death (Kannada: ಲಾಕಪ್ ಡೆತ್) is a 1994 Indian Kannada action film directed and written by Om Prakash Rao starring Devaraj, Nirosha and Saikumar in the lead roles.
The Seven Sins: The Tyrant Ascending is a 2008 novel by Jon Land and the first book in the Michael Tiranno series.
Frank Dikötter (; ) is a Dutch historian who specialises in modern China.
María Teresa Ferrari (11 October 1887 – 30 October 1956) was an Argentine educator, medical doctor, and women's rights activist.
Aga Zaryan (born Agnieszka Skrzypek on January 17, 1976) is a Polish jazz vocalist and the first Polish musician to sign with Blue Note Records.
Venado Tuerto (Spanish pronunciation: [beˈnaðo ˈtweɾto]) is a city in the south-west of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, 322 km from the provincial capital.
Miranda Raison was born in Burnham Thorpe, Norfolk on 18 November 1977.
Krum Lovkov () (born on 19 December 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Brestnik 1948.
Green Shading into Blue is the third album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen recorded in 1978 and released on the ECM label.
William Shakespeare Jr. (September 21, 1869June 25, 1950) was an American inventor.
Topper is a 1937 American supernatural comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod, starring Constance Bennett and Cary Grant and featuring Roland Young.
James Milton Turner (1840 – November 1, 1915) was a Reconstruction Era political leader, activist, educator, and diplomat. As consul general to Liberia, he was the first African-American to serve in the U.S. diplomatic corps.
Gert Peens (born 22 March 1974 in Germiston, Gauteng, South Africa) is an Italian rugby union footballer.
Malerzowice Wielkie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łambinowice, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Steven Frayne (born 17 December 1982), better known by his stage name Dynamo, is a British magician born in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Jacinto Rey (born February 23, 1972 in Vigo) is a Spanish novelist.
Top Gun is a 1955 Western film directed by Ray Nazarro.
Chances is a 1931 American Pre-Code war drama film directed by Allan Dwan, starring Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and is based on a novel by A. Hamilton Gibbs.
Synkov-Slemeno is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Syro (/saɪroʊ/) is the sixth studio album by Aphex Twin, the alias of British electronic musician Richard D. James, released on 19 September 2014 on Warp.
Rajićke (Serbian Cyrillic: Рајићке) is a village in the municipality of Glamoč, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Live in the UK is the first live album by House of Lords, released on January 29, 2007.
Tom Costello (born 1866 – unknown) was an American jockey in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing who won three American Classic Races.
Francisco Pérez-Bannen (born Francisco Pérez Bannen on January 16, 1971 in Santiago) is a Chilean film and television actor.
Fredrik Hermansson (born 18 July 1976) is a Swedish musician.
Umienino [umjɛˈninɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Golo Brdo () is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sweethearts is an American television game show which aired from September 12, 1988 to September 8, 1989.
Gretchen Barretto is a Filipina actress.
Kristi Harvey (born 30 November 1988) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Metro United Women's Football Club in the FFSA Women's Premier League.
Karabo Motlhanka (born 17 April 1992) is a Botswana cricketer.
{{Infobox chef | name = Gale Gand | image = | caption = | birth_date = | birth_place = Evanston, Illinois | death_date = | death_place = | style = Contemporary American cuisine | education = B.F.A.
Wólka Miedzyńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Feltonfleet School is a preparatory school for boys and girls from 3 to 13 years old, based in Cobham, Surrey in a Grade II listed building.
"Thomas King Ekundayo Phillips (1884 – 10 July 1969) was a Nigerian organist, conductor, composer and teacher who has been described as the "" father of Nigerian church music "" Thomas Ekundayo Phillips was born in 1884."
Anfisa Maksimovna Chernykh (Russian: Анфиса Максимовна Черных; born April 30, 1996) is s Russian actress, model. Anfisa Chernykh was born in Moscow, Russia.
Courtney Sims (born October 21, 1983) is an American former professional basketball player.
Deh Vali (Persian: ده والي‎, also Romanized as Deh Vālī) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Georgios Papazoglou (born (1973-06-27)27 June 1973) is a former Greek male volleyball player. He was part of the Greece men's national volleyball team.
Shlomo Artzi (Hebrew: שלמה ארצי‎) is an Israeli folk rock singer-songwriter.
Pagolle (Basque: Pagola) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
KERU-FM (88.5 FM) is a bilingual radio station licensed to Blythe, California, and is an affiliate of the Spanish Public Radio network.
Eduardo Filippini (born June 5, 1983, in Formosa, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Guaraní of the Primera Division in Paraguay.
The Bull City Legacy is a member of the Tobacco Road Basketball League based in Durham, North Carolina which began play in 2014.
All Together Now: Common Sense for a Fair Economy () is a book written by Jared Bernstein, Chief Economist and Economic Policy Advisor to Vice President Joe Biden, and published in 2006.
Boing, We'll Do It Live! is the first live album of The Aristocrats, released on December 10, 2012.
Enrique Jardiel Poncela (15 October 1901 – 18 February 1952) was a Spanish playwright and novelist who wrote mostly humorous works.
Weather Underground is the second and final album by Scottish indie rock band Geneva released in 2000 on Nude Records.
Whiteforce is a 1988 Australian-Philippines film directed by Eddie Romero and starring Sam Jones and Kimberley Pastone.
Iconcrash is an electrorock/darkwave band from Helsinki, Finland, formed by vocalist composer Jaani Peuhu.
"On 18 March 2012, he scored a goal described as "" maradonian "" , in a league match against Aragua FC. Un gol 'maradoniano' de Jesús Meza (A 'maradonian' goal by Jesús Meza) as.com, retrieved 19 March 2012."
Rurika Yokoyama (横山 ルリカ, Yokoyama Rurika, born September 27, 1991) is a Japanese talent and a member of the Japanese idol group Idoling!!!.
The 7.62×51mm CETME round is a variant of the 7.62×51mm NATO rifle cartridge with a plastic-cored lead bullet and a reduced propellant charge.
Derek Cooke Jr. (born August 23, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for Pallacanestro Trieste of the Lega Basket Serie A (LBA).
Front 242 is a Belgian electronic music group that came into prominence during the 1980s.
Microsoft Help 2.x is a proprietary format for online help files, developed by Microsoft and first released in 2001 as a help system for Visual Studio .NET (2002) and MSDN Library.
Kaifala Marah (born in Koidu Town, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean politician, accountant, Governor of the Bank of Sierra Leone (2016-2017), and minister of finance (2012-2016).
Michel François Hoguet (b. 17 June 1793 in Paris – d. 5 April 1871 in Berlin) was a French ballet dancer, ballet master and choreographer at the Royal Berlin Theater, where he worked from 1817 until 1823 as first solo dancer.
Cristina Otero (born Cristina Otero Pascual; November 29, 1995) is a Spanish photographer and artist best known for her self portraits.
O'Connor Airlines was an airline based at Mount Gambier, South Australia, Australia.
Lost in Space is a 1998 American science-fiction adventure film directed by Stephen Hopkins, and starring William Hurt, Matt LeBlanc, and Gary Oldman.
Agricol Perdiguier (3 December 1805 – 26 March 1875) was a French joiner, author and politician.
Ashok Banerjee is a Professor of Finance at Indian Institute of Management Calcutta.
Amica is an Italian language monthly fashion and women's magazine based in Milan, Italy.
Next is a 2006 satirical techno-thriller novel by Michael Crichton,his fifteenth under his own name and his twenty-fifth overall, and the last to be published during his lifetime.
Thomas Bo Larsen (born 27 November 1963) is a Danish film actor, born in Gladsaxe, Denmark.
"This was first broadcast on BBC 7 on 8 April 2007, with his wife Jessica Oyelowo as Mrs. Equiano. AudioFile magazine stated: ""Think of David Oyelowo as a single musician playing all the instruments in a symphony."
Dalaborg is a ruined castle in Sweden.
Negur also known as Nigor) is a town in and capital of Dashtiari County in Sistan and Baluchestan Province, a border area in Iran.
RocketShip Tours is an American space tourism company founded in 2008 by travel industry entrepreneur Jules Klar and which planned to provide sub-orbital human spaceflights to the paying public, in partnership with rocketplane developer XCOR Aerospace.
Jon Dunn is the second and current bass guitarist of the Christian metal band Demon Hunter and the former bassist for Soul Embraced.
The River of Time (1986) is an anthology of science fiction short stories by American writer David Brin.
Spira Mirabilis is a 2016 Italian documentary film directed by Massimo D'Anolfi and Martina Parenti.
The Nadina River is a river in Range 4 Coast Land District, British Columbia, Canada.
Amour Oral is rap trio Loco Locass' second studio album.
Tough Love is an American reality television series that airs on VH1 and premiered on March 15, 2009.
Venafiorita Airport, also known as Olbia-Venafiorita Airport was a public and military airport which serviced the town of Olbia, Sardinia, Italy.
Back Home is the seventeenth solo studio album by Eric Clapton.
Sarada Saradaga (English: Funny-Funnyly) is a 2006 Telugu, comedy film, produced by G.V.Prasad on Damini Entertainments Pvt Ltd banner and directed by S.
Deported is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Märta Torén and Jeff Chandler about an American gangster sent back to his home country who falls in love with a widowed countess.
Artisans of Leisure is a luxury travel company offering private cultural tours in international destinations.
The Maryknoll School of Lupon is located in Lupon, Davao Oriental, Philippines.
Alfredo Javaloyes López (March 22, 1865 - February 18, 1944 ) was a Spanish musician.
The Trent Formation is a geologic formation in North Carolina.
Jeff Likens (born August 28, 1985 in Barrington, Illinois) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for Grizzlys Wolfsburg of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Christian Tyler Shatley (born May 5, 1991) is an American football guard for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL).
Marek Brodzki (born 25 December 1960) is a Polish film director and television director.
Jean Toussaint (born July 27, 1960) is an American jazz tenor and soprano saxophonist. Toussaint was born in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, and was raised in Saint Thomas and New York City.
Barcelona has a great number of museums, which cover different areas and eras. The National Museum of Art of Catalonia possesses a well-known collection of Romanesque art, while the Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art focuses on post-1945 Catalan and Spanish art.
The Rennie Shale is a geologic formation in Idaho.
Wandering Husbands, also known as Loves and Lies, is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by William Beaudine.
Hayrat is a town and district of Trabzon Province, located in the Black Sea region of Turkey. The mayor is Mehmet Nuhoğlu (AKP).
The Closet (Chinese: 異塚; pinyin: yì zhǒng) is a 2007 Hong Kong film directed by Kin-Nam Cho.
Muhammadu Buhari (born 17 December 1942) is a Nigerian politician currently serving as the President of Nigeria, in office since 2015.
William Neal Browder (born July 20, 1944, Humboldt, Tennessee) is an American country music singer-songwriter, known professionally as T.
Marco Fidel Suárez Air Base (Spanish: Base Aérea Marco Fidel Suárez) (ICAO: SKGB) is a Colombian military base assigned to the Colombian Air Force (Fuerza Aérea Colombiana or FAC) Military Aviation School (Escuela Militar de Aviación or EMAVI).
Rustai-ye Aliabad (, also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye ‘Alīābād; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Te Aritaua Pitama (1906 & ndash;1958) was a New Zealand teacher, broadcaster and concert party producer.
Willy William (born April 14, 1981) is a French DJ, record producer and singer, famous for his club remixes and vocal collaborations with a number of dance music artists.
Topiąca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Bridge Stage of the Arts, Inc. (The Bridge) is an American theater company based in New York City.
Voormalig Ajax-keeper Gert Bals overleden - Volkskrant Born in Utrecht, Bals played for local side RUC and Velox before joining SV Zeist Oud-doelman Gert Bals overleden - RTV Utrecht when they entered the at the start of the professional era in Holland.
Andrea del Verrocchio's bronze statue of David was most likely made between 1473 and 1475.
The Diri Baba Mausoleum () – is a mausoleum of Sheikh Diri Baba, located in Qobustan (town) of Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Eleni Mandell (born in Los Angeles, California) is an American singer-songwriter.
Nivin Ramani or Niveen A Ramani(born 27 September 1988) is an Indian TV serial actor and model.
True Adolescents is a 2009 American comedy film written and directed by Craig Johnson and starring Mark Duplass, Bret Loehr and Carr Thompson.
Sobienie Biskupie [sɔˈbjɛɲɛ bisˈkupjɛ] is a village in Otwock County, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 420.
Bagrdan is a village in the municipality of Jagodina, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 890 people.
Donald Gunn (19 February – 24 July 1943) was a Wool grower, and member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
The Fantasy Film Worlds of George Pal is a 1985 American documentary film about Academy Award-winning producer/director George Pal. It was written, directed, and produced by Arnold Leibovit.
Harburg (help·info) is a quarter (Stadtteil) in the homonymous borough (Bezirk) of Hamburg, Germany.
Rudolf III, Margrave of Baden-Baden (? – 2 February 1332) was a son of Margrave Rudolf I and his wife, Kunigunde of Eberstein.
Grbeši () is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology , is a private engineering college located in Bihta, Patna, India offering B.Tech & diploma courses. Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology, Bihta has no eductional or institutional links with the NSUT(Formerly NSIT) ,Delhi.
François Fortassin (2 August 1939 – 15 May 2017) was a French politician and a member of the Senate of France.
Lignereuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Tyvek (/taɪˈvɛk/) is a brand of flashspun high-density polyethylene fibers, a synthetic material; the name is a registered trademark of the DuPont company, known for their production of chemicals and textiles.
Haddon Mason (21 February 1898 – 30 April 1966) was a British film actor.
Mighty Times: The Legacy of Rosa Parks is a 2002 American short documentary film directed by Robert Houston and produced by Robert Hudson.
St. Mary's Catholic High School is a Catholic high school located in Woodstock, Ontario, Canada under the administration of the London District Catholic School Board.
The A4 motorway () is a 33.7 & nbsp;km long motorway in Slovenia connecting Maribor and Gruškovje (at the Croatian border).
Szarglew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Millers is an American sitcom television series that was created by Greg Garcia and stars Will Arnett as Nathan Miller and Margo Martindale as Carol Miller.
Animation Collective is an American animated cartoon studio formed in 2003. The studio was based in New York City and was founded by Larry Schwarz.
Bill Bollinger (July 15, 1939 – May 27, 1988) was an American artist.
Christopher Turner is a British writer.
"is a public high school in Susono, Shizuoka, Japan. In 1903 Shizuoka Prefectural Susono High School was established as "" Sano Agricultural Mechanics School "" , then in 1921 it became "" Shizuokoa-ken Sano Business School "" ."
Operator (A Girl Like Me) is a song by Canadian pop/rock singer Shiloh. It was released on September 23, 2008 as the debut single off her debut album Picture Imperfect (2009).
Linda Spalding (née Dickinson) (born 25 June 1943) is a Canadian writer and editor.
Maud FitzJohn, Countess of Warwick (c. 1238 – 16/18 April 1301) was an English noblewoman and the eldest daughter of John FitzGeoffrey, Lord of Shere. Her second husband was William de Beauchamp, 9th Earl of Warwick, a celebrated soldier.
Alicia Giménez Bartlett (born 10 June 1951 in Almansa, Albacete, Spain is a Spanish writer particularly known for her series of detective novels protagonized by Petra Delicado.
Airdlin is a suburb in the north of Sandton in the Gauteng province of South Africa.
Pagonis Vakalopoulos (Greek: Παγώνης Βακαλόπουλος; born 24 January 1965) is a retired Greek footballer. He started his career in Polykastro F.C..
WHCO (1230 AM) is a country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Sparta, Illinois, serving Sparta and Randolph County, Illinois.
William Bacon Stevens (July 13, 1815 – June 11, 1887) was the fourth Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania.
Burshtyn TES is a coal-fired power plant of Zakhidenergo located in Halych Raion south-east from Burshtyn, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine.
Dwight Buycks (; born March 6, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Olympiacos of the EuroLeague.
"""Nothing but Your Love Matters"" is a song written by Larry Gatlin, and recorded by American country music group Larry Gatlin & the Gatlin Brothers."
Robert Sandifer was born in Chicago, Illinois on March 12, 1983. Sandifer's mother, Lorina Sandifer, had over 30 arrests while prostituting, many of which were drug-related.
George E. Cooper was an American football player, coach of football, basketball, and baseball, and college athletics administrator.
Alexander Peternell (born 11 February 1981) is a South African equestrian.
Gwynne Shipman (born Beulah McDonald; November 8, 1909 – September 11, 2005) was an American film actress. Pitts p.362 She was married to the screenwriter Barry Shipman.
The California Innocence Project is a non-profit organization at California Western School of Law in San Diego, California, United States, which provides pro bono legal services to individuals who maintain their factual innocence of crime(s) for which they have been convicted.
"(or ) aka The Opium War is a 1943 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Masahiro Makino. "" Ahen senso "" in Japan refers to the First Opium War."
Bachro is a village and Union Council division of the Taluka of the town of Thul. It is located in the Jacobabad District of Sindh, Pakistan.
Ghadam-Ali Sarami (Persian: قدمعلی سرّامی‎, also Romanized as Ghadam-Ali Sarrami) is an Iranian author and poet.
Tyco International plc was a security systems company incorporated in the Republic of Ireland, with operational headquarters in Princeton, New Jersey, United States (Tyco International (US) Inc.).
Veerle Casteleyn (born 6 March 1978, in Belgium) is a Belgian musical theatre performer and ballerina.
Johann Joseph Scherer (March 18, 1814 – February 17, 1869) was a German physician and chemist born in Aschaffenburg.
The Cursa de Bombers () is an annual road running race over 10 & nbsp;km which takes place in April http://360runningbarcelona.com/es/fechas-de-la-cursa-de-bombers/ Fechas de la Cursa Bombers in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
Pathamudayam () is a 1985 Indian Malayalam-language action thriller film directed by J.
KMTG (89.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting student choice format. Licensed to San Jose, California, United States, the station serves the San Jose area.
Robert Murray (born October 17, 1951) is a Canadian-born German former professional ice hockey defenceman. Born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, Murray played Canadian college hockey with the Mount Royal College cougars.
7 Days () is a 2010 Canadian thriller film directed by Daniel Grou Sundance '10: Official Subtitled Festival Trailer for '7 Days' and starring Claude Legault.
Rivières-le-Bois is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Gourmandises (English: Delicacies) is the debut studio album by French recording artist Alizée, released worldwide on March 13, 2001 by Polydor Records.
Future Days is the fourth studio album by the German experimental rock group Can, originally released in 1973.
KAAN (870 kHz) is a commercial radio station located in Bethany, Missouri, and serving northwest Missouri and southern Iowa.
The Girl from the Provinces (German:Das Mädel aus der Provinz) is a 1929 German silent film directed by James Bauer.
Avec mon mari (アベック モン マリ, Abekku mon mari) is a 1999 Japanese romantic comedy film directed by Kentarō Ōtani and starring Yuka Itaya, Hirofumi Kobayashi and Kaori Tsuji.
""" 1922-23 Fighting Illini men's basketball team "" The 1922–23 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois."
Spoken is the sixth studio album released by the Christian hard rock band Spoken.
George II, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont (; 20 September 178915 May 1845) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1813 to 1845. He was the son of George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Countess Princess Augusta of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.
Wu Tieh-cheng (; 1893–1953) was a politician in the Republic of China.
Rade Džambić (Serbian Cyrillic: Раде Џамбић; born July 14, 1982) is a Serbian former professional basketball player who last played for ZTE KK.
Sandra Scofield is an American novelist, essayist, editor and author of writers’ guides. Sandra Scofield was born to Edith Aileen Hambleton in Wichita Falls, Texas, in 1943.
Allari Pidugu (English: Naughty Thunder) is a 2005 Telugu action film produced by M. R. V. Prasad on P. B. R. Art Productions banner, directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee.
Super Sun is the debut studio album by Nigerian alternative soul artist Emmanuel Bezhiwa Idakula, also known as Bez.
Ağabağı (also, Agabagy) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 442.
"KSTC (1230 AM, ""Fox Sports 1230 AM KSTC"") is a radio station broadcasting a sports format. Licensed to the city of Sterling, Colorado, it serves the northeastern Colorado area."
The PhilWeb Corporation is a Philippine internet company involved in the gaming industry. PhilWeb was founded by Roberto Ongpin and incorporated in August 20, 1969 as South Seas Oil and Mineral Exploration Co. Inc. It was initially involved in mining and resource exploration.
Love's Alright is the third musical studio album by comedian and singer Eddie Murphy.
Maaveeran Kittu () is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language period action drama film written and directed by Suseenthiran.
Bimalkah (Arabic: بملكة‎, also spelled Bmalkyeh) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located 10 kilometers northeast of Tartus.
Banking Hours 10 to 4 is a 2012 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by K.
The members of the 18th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in October 1897. The Tory Party led by James Spearman Winter formed the government.
Black Balloon Publishing is an independent book publisher headquartered in New York City. The company was founded in 2010 by Elizabeth Koch, co-founder of Literary Death Match, and Leigh Newman, deputy editor of Oprah.com.
Flower of Eden (エデンの花, Eden no Hana) is a Japanese manga created by author Yuki Suetsugu.
The Metaphysics of Morals (German: Die Metaphysik der Sitten) is a 1797 work of political and moral philosophy by Immanuel Kant.
Inception won four Academy Awards (Best Cinematography, Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Visual Effects) and was nominated for four more: Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, Best Art Direction, and Best Original Score.
Kang Ji-young (born January 18, 1994), also known as Jiyoung or JY, is a South Korean actress and singer based in Japan.
Darryl Kubian (born February 19, 1966) is an American composer, thereminist, violinist, and audio/video engineer.
James Sandby Padley was an English surveyor, architect and civil engineer who worked in Lincoln, England.
The 35th Indiana Infantry Regiment, also known as 1st Irish Regiment as it was mainly made up of Irish-Americans, was a unit of the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Loser Lover is a 1999 erotic thriller film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée.
Gary Hoey (born August 23, 1960) is an American hard rock and latterly blues rock guitarist, singer and songwriter.
The Quirino Highway, formerly called the Manila–Del Monte Garay Road or Ipo Road, is a four-to-eight lane, secondary highway that connects Quezon City to the municipality of Norzagaray in Bulacan, Philippines.
Shibani Bathija is a screenwriter famous for her works in Bollywood films such as Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna, My Name Is Khan and Fanaa.
Close My Eyes is a 1991 film written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff and starring Alan Rickman, Clive Owen and Saskia Reeves as well as Lesley Sharp and Karl Johnson.
Edith Sigourney (May 15, 1895 – December 2, 1982) was an American tennis player during the 1920s. Edith Sigourney was born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1895.
ADA S.A., operating as Aerolínea de Antioquia (ADA), was a regional airline headquartered at the Olaya Herrera Airport in Medellín, Colombia.
"WMRO (1560 AM, ""Magic 1560"") was a radio station licensed to and serving Gallatin, Tennessee."
The Nepean Times was a weekly newspaper first published in the Australian city of Penrith, New South Wales on 3 March 1882.
6 ft 1 in (185 cm) Noman Ijaz (Urdu: نُعمان اعجاز‎) is a Pakistani television and film actor as well as a TV anchorperson and TV show presenter.
Alexei Khvostenko (; November 14, 1940 – November 30, 2004) was a Russian avant-garde poet, singer-songwriter, artist and sculptor.
These Things Happen is the debut studio album by American progressive electronic composer and percussionist David Van Tieghem, released in 1984 by Warner Bros. Records.
Fred St-Gelais (born Frederic St-Gelais on September 2, 1974 in Chibougamau, Quebec) is a Canadian songwriter, television music composer, record producer and multi-instrumentalist, currently living in Montreal, Quebec.
Ngô Phương Lan (born 12 March 1987, in Hanoi) is Miss World Vietnamese 2007 and first runner up at Miss Vietnam UK 2007.
KWTH (91.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format, licensed to Barstow, California, serving the Barstow area, the Victor Valley area, and along I-15 from the Cajon Pass to Baker and I-40 to Essex.
Chandrolsavam is a 2005 Indian Malayalam-language romantic drama film written and directed by Ranjith.
Ahead of the Class is a single British television drama film, based on the book of the same name by Marie Stubbs, that first broadcast on ITV1 on 30 January 2005.
Nathan Page is an Australian actor, best known for his commercial voice-over work and his role as Detective Inspector Jack Robinson in Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries.
Elizabeth Simpson OBE FRS FMedSci is a British biologist.
Give Seven Days (), also known as Destiny of Love, is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Tang Xu.
Jean-Yves Bigras (May 19, 1919 – August 17, 1966) was a Canadian film director and film editor, considered a pioneer in Quebec cinema.
Divisions Schulzentrum Marienhöhe or Marienhoehe Academy is a private K-12, co-educational Christian boarding school in Darmstadt, Germany.
Mavinakatti is a village in Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.
Pina is a 2011 German 3D documentary film about the contemporary dance choreographer Pina Bausch. It was directed by Wim Wenders.
Drei Mann in einem Boot (English: Three Men in a boat) is a 1961 German / Austrian comedy film directed by Helmut Weiss and starring Walter Giller, Heinz Erhardt, Hans-Joachim Kulenkampff and Susanne Cramer.
Gabriele Schnaut (born 24 February 1951) is a German classical singer who started her operatic career as a mezzo-soprano in 1976 and changed to dramatic soprano in 1985.
Al-Halawiyah Madrasa (Arabic: المدرسة الحلاوية‎) is a madrasah complex located in al-Jalloum district of the Ancient city of Aleppo, Syria.
Beautiful Girl is a 2003 television movie starring Marissa Jaret Winokur. The film was directed by Douglas Barr for the ABC Family network.
"El-Nas () (also spelt Al-Nas or Elnas and Alnas, meaning "" The People Channel "" ) is an Egyptian television station founded in January 2006 and broadcast from Cairo until the Deposition of Mohammed Morsi."
Nenad Vukasović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Вукасовић; born 11 October 1952 in Belgrade) is a Serbian politician.
François Pierre Hippolyte Ernest Breton, a French artist and archaeologist, was born in Paris in 1812.
Rangbaaz is a 1996 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Kanti Shah, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Shilpa Shirodkar, Deepak Shirke, Paresh Rawal, Rami Reddy, Mohan Joshi, Kader Khan and Kiran Kumar.
The River Rat is a 1984 independent family film directed by Thomas Rickman and starring Tommy Lee Jones and Martha Plimpton.
The Rushall Formation is a geologic formation in England.
Stanimir Georgiev (Bulgarian: Станимир Георгиев; born 7 August 1975 in Plovdiv, Bulgaria) is a retired Bulgarian professional football forward who played for several clubs in Europe.
Gaudo Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Southern Italy, approximately 3 & nbsp;km north of Paestum, where the neolithic necropolis belonging to the Gaudo Culture was discovered, about 70 & nbsp;km southeast of Naples.
Arkadi Duchin (, ; born 1 June 1963) is an Israeli singer-songwriter and musical producer.
The Ups and Downs of a Handyman is a 1976 British comedy film directed by John Sealey and starring Barry Stokes, Sue Lloyd and Bob Todd.
Trey Gilder was chosen as the “MVP of the Year” for the Panteras in Venezuela averaging more PPG. Gilder attended DeSoto High School in DeSoto, Texas where he was a member of the 2003 Texas 5A State Championship winning team.
Clodagh Simonds ( ; born 16 May 1953) is an Irish musician, songwriter and singer. She was born in Banbridge, County Down, Northern Ireland and raised and educated in Killiney, County Dublin.
Mukhrovani () is the name of a village and location in Kakheti, Georgia.
Tappeh Shir Khan (, also Romanized as Tappeh Shīr Khān and Tappeh-ye Shīrkhān) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
Boomerang is a 1934 British drama film directed by Arthur Maude and starring Lester Matthews, Nora Swinburne, and Harvey Braban.
Josiah James Meeker (born January 30, 1990), who goes by the stage name Josiah James, is an American Christian musician and guitarist, who plays alternative rock, pop rock, and indie rock music.
Baba Yaga is a 1973 horror film directed by Corrado Farina and based on the Guido Crepax Valentina comic series.
The Aesthetic Dimension: Toward a Critique of Marxist Aesthetics () is a 1977 book on aesthetics by the philosopher Herbert Marcuse, in which the author provides an account of modern art's political implications and relationship with society at large.
"On his website Dennis Rea states that Free Touching: Live in Beijing at Keep in Touch is ""quite possibly the first recording of free improvisation to emerge from China."
Gandhi Pirantha Mann (transl. The land where Gandhi was born) is a 1995 Indian Tamil-language action drama film directed by R. Sundarrajan.
The Fifth Season () is a 2012 Belgian drama film directed by Peter Brosens and Jessica Woodworth.
Rolemaster (originally Role Master) is a tabletop role-playing game published by Iron Crown Enterprises since 1980.
""" (I Do It) For the Money "" is a song written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Charlie Major."
Dolbadarn Castle is an oil painting by J.
"Mykhaylo Bohdanovych Svystovych (; born December 11, 1968 in Pervomaisk, Mykolaiv region) — Ukrainian social activist and member of "" Vidsich "" civil movement, editor of "" Maidan "" magazine and economist. Mykhaylo Svystovych was born in Pervomaisk in Mykolaiv region."
Sayed Shirzad (born 1 October 1994) is an Afghan cricketer. Shirzad represented Afghanistan Under-19s in the 2011 Under-19 World Cup Qualifier in Ireland,.
After the Deluge, also known as The Forty-First Day, is a Symbolist oil painting by English artist George Frederic Watts, first exhibited as The Sun in an incomplete form in 1886 and completed in 1891.
Tamsier Joof Aviance or Tamsier Aviance (né Tamsier Joof — 17 May 1973, former stage name: Tam Jo) is a British dancer, choreographer, actor, model, entrepreneur, radio presenter and author from a Senegalese and Gambian background.
A Night at the Vanguard (also released as Man at Work) is a live album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1959 at the Village Vanguard and originally released on the Argo label.
Benalúa de las Villas is a city located in the province of Granada, Spain. According to the 2005 census (INE), the city has a population of 1391 inhabitants.
Va (Tamil: வ; Tamil numeral for 1/4; working title: Va Quarter Cutting) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language neo-noir comedy film written and directed by Pushkar-Gayathri.
Runcorn State High School is a government funded school located in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
The Indian Meadows Formation is a geologic formation in Wyoming.
Sleepless is the fourth studio album by the Swedish metalcore band Adept, released on February 19, 2016 via Napalm Records.
George E. Johnson (born June 19, 1947) is a retired American professional basketball player born in Harleton, Texas.
El Arte de la Elegancia de LFC (The Art of Elegance of LFC) (2009) is the sixteenth album by Argentine ska band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs.
Extended Play Two is an EP by British indie electronic band Broadcast.
Baruir Panossian, better known by his stage name Bei Ru, is an Armenian-American music producer and composer, known for his blending of Middle Eastern rhythms with drums, electronic sounds, and live instrumentation.
Ankita Mayank Sharma (born February 7, 1987) (born Ankita Sharma) is an Indian television actress.
Itsumo Misora (いつも美空, lit. Always Misora) is a Japanese manga series by Mitsuru Adachi.
Billboard Top Hits: 1991 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 2000, featuring ten hit recordings from 1991.
Sandrine Blancke (born 6 November 1978) is a Belgium French actress.
The Little Sister is an American silent film produced by Kalem Company and directed by Sidney Olcott with Gene Gauntier, Robert Vignola and Jack J. Clark.
Żmijówek-Mans [ʐmiˈjuvɛk ˈmans] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
J. D. Wiker is a game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games. JD Wiker originally comes from Indianapolis, where he began his love of games, starting with his family's collection of board games and the weekly game night.
Nedansjö is a locality situated in Sundsvall Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden with 257 inhabitants in 2010.
The Commonwealth Journal is a six-day (Monday through Saturday) morning daily newspaper based in Somerset, Kentucky, and covering Pulaski County.
""" The Recluse "" is the fourth single from Plan B's second album The Defamation of Strickland Banks."
Dana Hills High School is a high school in Dana Point, California.
Gustavo Rivera (born 4 June 1993) is a Puerto Rican international footballer who plays as a defender. Rivera has played for IMG Academy.
Roberto Carlos 1992 or Roberto Carlos (Súper Héroe) is a studio album recorded by Brazilian singer-songwriter Roberto Carlos, It was released by Sony Discos in late 1991 (see 1991 in music).
Mathilde Géron (born 24 March 1986 in Sainte-Adresse) is a French sailor.
The Lycée Franco-Libanais Verdun (Arabic: اللیسیه الفرنسیة اللبنانیة - فردان‎), commonly known as the Lycée Verdun, is a French lycée located in the upscale Rue Verdun in Beirut, Lebanon.
The Devil's Wheel () is a 1926 Soviet silent crime film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg.
Kenny Lee (born 30 July 1978) is a Malaysian racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.
Oriol Jorge Graells (born May 23, 1990 in Lleida) is a Spanish professional basketball player.
Werner Schuster (born September 4, 1969 in Hirschegg) is an Austrian ski jumping coach and a former ski jumper who competed from 1987 to 1995.
Kozelets (Ukrainian: Козелець [kozeˈlɛtsʲ]; Russian: Козелец) is an urban-type settlement in Chernihiv Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.
""" The Village "" is a short story by Kate Wilhelm."
When Love Met Destruction is the second EP by American heavy metal band Motionless in White.
Mateo Bertoša (born 10 August 1988) is a Croatian footballer who plays for Opatija. Bertoša made one Croatian Prva HNL appearance for HNK Rijeka before joining NK Jadran Poreč.
WNEC-FM (91.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Henniker, New Hampshire.
Pashishkuiyeh (, also Romanized as Pashīshkū’īyeh) is a village in Jowshan Rural District, Golbaf District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Suomen Musiikki (KHY Suomen Musiikki Oy) is a Finnish independent record label formed by Kari Hynninen in 2005.
CIFM-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 98.3 FM in Kamloops, British Columbia.
WDEL-FM (101.7 MHz) is a commercial radio station licensed to Canton, New Jersey.
Welcome to My DNA is the third studio album by Blackfield, a musical collaboration between Steven Wilson and Aviv Geffen.
Riverboat Rhythm is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts.
Supermodel is the second studio album by American indie pop band Foster the People.
Slanted and Enchanted is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Pavement, released in April 1992 on Matador Records.
The Champions: North Meets South is a collaborative album between New York-based DJ, DJ Kay Slay, and Atlanta-based DJ, Greg Street.
"KSAL (1150 AM "" NewsRadio 1150 "" ) is a radio station that broadcasts a news radio and talk format. Licensed to Salina, Kansas, United States, it serves the Salina-Manhattan area."
Kneževi Vinogradi (Hungarian: Hercegszöllős) is a village and municipality in Croatia.
A Far Country is a novel by American writer Winston Churchill published in 1915.
Tsagaanlamyn Dügersüren (; 1914-1986) was acting Chairman of the Presidium of the State Little Khural(acting titular head of state) of Mongolian People's Republic from May 20, 1972 to June 29, 1972 following the death of Jamsrangiin Sambuu.
Yamada Tarō Monogatari (山田太郎ものがたり, Yamada Tarō Monogatari, literally, Yamada Tarō Story) is a Japanese manga series created by Ai Morinaga.
Elio Sgreccia (; 6 June 1928 – 5 June 2019) was an Italian bioethicist and a cardinal of the Catholic Church.
Mudhal Thethi in Tamil, Modala Thedi in Kannada is an Indian bilingual film, directed by P.
Play (Chinese: 呸) is the thirteenth studio album by Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai.
Manuel de Jesús Jiménez Oreamuno (June 16, 1854 – February 25, 1916) was a Costa Rican politician and author. He was born in Cartago, Costa Rica, and died in Alajuela, Costa Rica.
Daniel Owain Lloyd (born 26 July 1982, Rhosllannerchrugog, Wales) is a bilingual Welsh actor and singer-songwriter. He is the frontman for the Welsh language band Daniel Lloyd a Mr Pinc, who reformed in 2017 after a 6-year break, as well as a solo artist and established actor.
Singularity Sky is a science fiction novel by author Charles Stross, published in 2003.
Lucjusz Kupferwasser, born in 1988 in Lublin, Congress Poland, was a Polish-American social activist and one of the founders of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America.
ConDFW was a literary science fiction and fantasy convention held annually in the Dallas, Texas, area.
Duncan MacMillan High School (DMHS) is a P-12 school in Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia, Canada.
"is a 2005 Japanese drama film directed by Kentarō Ōtani. Based on the manga of the same name by Ai Yazawa, the film stars Mika Nakashima as Nana Osaki and Aoi Miyazaki as Nana "" Hachi "" Komatsu."
Cia Berg (born 2 December 1963), now known as Cia Soro, is a Swedish former television presenter and singer.
As Assistant Coach: Petar Aleksić (born 2 November 1968) is a Bosnian-Swiss professional basketball coach and former player. He is the current head coach of Fribourg Olympic of the Swiss Basketball League (SBL).
Saint-Aubin-le-Guichard is a former commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
"""One Time Around"" is a single by Canadian country music artist Michelle Wright."
G. Herbert Strutt George Herbert Strutt (21 April 1854– 17 May 1928), was a cotton mill owner and philanthropist from Belper in Derbyshire.
Masada Anniversary Edition Volume 2: Voices in the Wilderness is the second album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn's Masada songbook project.
Hikkaduwe Sri Sumangala Thera (; 20 January 1827 – 29 April 1911) was a Sri Lankan Buddhist monk, who was one of the pioneers of Sri Lankan Buddhist revivalist movement in the 19th century.
Krahulov is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.
"She received the 2008 Oregon Book Award in poetry for ""A Is for Anne: Mistress Hutchinson Disturbs the Commonwealth"". Imitatio Redux, Penelope Schott Starkey, College Composition and Communication, Vol."
Booyah (also spelled booya, bouja, boulyaw, or bouyou) is a thick stew, believed to have originated in Belgium, and made throughout the Upper Midwestern United States.
El Presidente (English: The President; Filipino: Ang Pangulo) is a 2012 historical biopic film written and directed by Mark Meily about the life of General Emilio Aguinaldo, the first president of the Philippine Republic.
The National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) is a premier fully residential public science education and research institution in Jatani (Khordha), Odisha, India under the umbrella of Department of Atomic Energy, Govt.
Great Speckled Bird was a country rock group formed in 1969 by the Canadian musical duo Ian & Sylvia.
Japan Today is an online newspaper based in Tokyo, Japan.
Bob Chester (March 20, 1908 – June 14, 1977) was an American jazz and pop music bandleader and tenor saxophonist.
Neeraj Raj is a Doctor by education, artist, animation expert and IT entrepreneur. He is the founder of the e-learning company MEdRC EduTech Ltd. Neeraj Raj graduated from Osmania Medical College (under Osmania University) in 1987, where he studied undergraduate medicine (M.B.B.S.
John Sheridan (born September 18, 1954 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 69 games in the World Hockey Association.
Fasoulas, at the time, was working on a clone of Bubble Bobble titled Galactic, but failed to find a publisher, wherefore the game ended up on a covermount in British magazine The One.
Arabesque: Geçmiş, Geçmemiş Hiç... is the fifth studio album of Cypriot-Turkish singer Işın Karaca released on April 22, 2010. It features arabesque music style.
"Mustafa Hukić ""Huka"" (6 February 1951 – 7 August 1999) was a Bosnian professional football manager and former player. Osijek Sloboda Tuzla."
CYWG - Winnipeg CYHM - Hamilton SkyLink Express is a cargo airline headquartered in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
Venio Losert (born 25 July 1976) is a retired Croatian handball player who played as a goalkeeper.
Raquel Eliana Argandoña de la Fuente (December 5, 1957 in Santiago de Chile) is a Chilean former beauty pageant contestant, TV presenter, actress mayor of Pelarco. Raquel Argandoña was also the 1975 Miss Universo Chile.
The highest point in Belize is Doyle's Delight at 3,688 ft (1,124 m).
Ostrzeszów County (Polish: powiat ostrzeszowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.
This Blinding Absence of Light () is a 2001 novel by the Moroccan writer Tahar Ben Jelloun, translated from French by Linda Coverdale.
Operation: Mindcrime (also known as: Geoff Tate's Operation: Mindcrime) is a progressive metal band that is fronted by the former lead singer of Queensrÿche, Geoff Tate.
Back to Front: Live in London is a live album and film by the English rock musician Peter Gabriel, recorded at The O2 in London on 21 and 22 October 2013 during his Back to Front Tour.
Supernatural Activity is a 2012 comedy film directed by Derek Lee Nixon and starring Joey Oglesby, Donny Boaz, Andrew Pozza, Devin Bonnée, and Lizabeth Waters as paranormal investigators.
Sanam Re (lit. 'Oh my beloved') is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film directed by Divya Khosla Kumar and produced by Bhushan Kumar, Krishan Kumar and co-produced by Ajay Kapoor.
Little Brother (Russian: Братишка, romanized: Bratishka) is a 1927 Soviet silent comedy film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg.
Hesdy Gerges (Arabic: هسدي جرجس‎, born February 20, 1984) is a Dutch-Egyptian kickboxer, fighting out of the Vos Gym in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
A Scanner Darkly is a science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick, published in 1977.
Lucky Jim is a 1957 British comedy film directed by John Boulting and starring Ian Carmichael, Terry-Thomas and Hugh Griffith.
"Ek Din 24 Ghante (Hindi:एक दिन चौबीस घंटे; English: "" One Day 24 Hours "" ) is a 2003 Bollywood thriller film directed and written by Anant Balani and starring Rahul Bose and Nandita Das."
Ribari is a village in the municipality of Brus, Serbia.
Ebonyi State University, Abakaliki was founded in 1999 in Abakaliki, Nigeria.
Ekaterina Sedia (born July 9, 1970) is a Russian fantasy writer.
"Rancho El Barril Airstrip is a private airstrip located 2 miles from El Barril, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, in Rancho "" El Barril "" , a camp located South of Punta San Francisquito, on the Gulf of California coast."
Jazon Jackson (Born July 7, 1987) better known by his stage name Jay Blaze as an American rapper, record producer, songwriter, and CEO of Global Sound Music Group.
Marshland St James is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
The Star of Rio (German: Stern von Rio) is a 1940 German comedy thriller film directed by Karl Anton and starring La Jana, Gustav Diessl and Harald Paulsen.
Aumes is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.
Anitha R. Radhakrishnan is an Indian politician.
Epic is a compilation album by American R&B musician R. Kelly, released September 13, 2010, in Europe through Jive Records and Sony Music.
Roundabout is an open-world indie driving video game developed and published by American indie studio No Goblin LLC.
William Parr, 1st Marquess of Northampton, 1st Earl of Essex and 1st Baron Parr, KG (14 August 1513 – 28 October 1571) was the son of Sir Thomas Parr and his wife, Maud Green, daughter of Sir Thomas Green, of Broughton and Greens Norton.
Rives Air Park (FAA LID: 33XA, formerly T33) is a public airport located nine miles (14.5 km) south of the central business district (CBD) of Royse City, in Rockwall County, Texas, United States.
As a session musician, he played on numerous hit singles and albums recorded in Los Angeles in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. He is sometimes credited as Mike Deasy Sr.
Bruce Kinloch MC (27 August 1919 – 21 June 2011) was a British army officer, wildlife conservation leader and author. He was born at Saharanpur in India and educated at Berkhamsted School in England.
Dorothy Bryant (1930–2017) was an American novelist, playwright, essayist and feminist writer.
John Templeton (1802–1886) was a British opera singer.
The Red Napoleon is a 1929 novel by Floyd Gibbons predicting a Soviet conquest of Europe and invasion of America.
Bytów County (Kashubian: bëtowsczi pòwiat, Polish: powiat bytowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland.
John R. Little is best known as a writer of horror and dark fantasy fiction. He was born in London, Ontario, Canada on August 16, 1955, and he currently resides in Ayr, ON Canada.
George Dikeoulakos or Dikaioulakos, Greek: Γιώργος (Τζώρτζης) Δικαιουλάκος; Born 26 January 1969 in Athens, Greece, is a professional Greek basketball coach.
Dunwoody High School is a public high school in Dunwoody, an incorporated city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
Dr. Stanford Blade, P.Ag. currently serves as Dean of the Faculty of Agricultural, Life and Environmental Sciences (ALES) at the University of Alberta.
José Luis Escobar Alas (born 10 March 1959 in Suchitoto), Archbishop of San Salvador in El Salvador, succeeded Archbishop Emeritus Fernando Sáenz Lacalle as the seventh archbishop, a successor of Archbishop Óscar Romero who was assassinated in 1980.
Aaron Goldberg is an American jazz pianist.
On Tour (French: Tournée) is a 2010 internationally co-produced comedy-drama film directed by Mathieu Amalric.
Murgești is a commune in Buzău County, Muntenia, Romania.
My Heart Will Always Be the B-Side to My Tongue is the third EP by American rock band Fall Out Boy, released on May 18, 2004 by Fueled by Ramen.
Lars Stigzelius (October 27, 1598 – August 31, 1676) was Archbishop of Uppsala in the Church of Sweden from 1670 to his death.
"WVLD (1450 AM and 106.9 FM) better known as ""WVLD Rock 106.9"" is a radio station broadcasting a Mainstream Rock format. Licensed to Valdosta, Georgia, United States, the station serves the Valdosta area."
Benoît Raclet (1780–1844) was a French inventor. Category:1780 births Category:1844 deaths Category:French inventors Category:People from Roanne Category:Viticulturists.
Covered in Soul is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Angie Stone, released on August 5, 2016 by Goldenlane Records.
Fantom Warior is an American thrash metal band that was founded in 1984 in Union, New Jersey. consisting of John Chernack (bass guitar and vocals), Keith Pires (guitar and vocals), James Jensen (drums) and Steve Schley (guitar).
Cañete de las Torres is a city located in the province of Córdoba, Spain. According to the 2006 census (INE), the city has a population of 3211 inhabitants.
Andrea Rabito (born 11 May 1980) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward. Born in Vicenza, Veneto region, Rabito was a youth product of Lombard team A.C. Milan.
The Fatal Hour is a 1908 American silent short crime film directed by D.
Eric Bogosian (born April 24, 1953) is an American actor, playwright, monologuist, novelist, and historian.
Borges–Clarksburg Airport (FAA LID: CN13, formerly C14) is a private-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Clarksburg, in Yolo County, California, United States.
Michorzewo [mixɔˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
The Blackbuck is a moderately sized antelope. It stands up to 74 to 84 cm (29 to 33 in) high at the shoulder; the head-to-body length is nearly 120 cm (47 in).
Shangri-La Plaza is a musical-comedy pilot made for CBS in 1990. It was directed by Nick Castle and written and created by Mark Mueller and Nick Castle.
Wyżne [ˈvɨʐnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czudec, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Slavik Tabakov (Bulgarian: Славик Табаков) is a British-Bulgarian medical physicist, President of the International Organization for Medical Physics (IOMP) 2015-2018 and Vice-President of the International Union for Physical and Engineering Sciences in Medicine (IUPESM) 2018-2021.
Pesadilla para un rico () is a 1996 Spanish film directed by Fernando Fernán Gómez and written by Luis Alcoriza.
Sooryante Maranum is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Rajeevnath.
Marijn Sterk (born 11 July 1987 in The Hague) is a Dutch footballer who played for FC Volendam and FC Emmen.
Watch the Shadows Dance, also known as Nightmaster, is a 1987 film directed by Mark Joffe and starring Tom Jennings, Nicole Kidman, Joanne Samuel, and Sean Garlick.
The Tri-City Bulldogs were a Canadian Junior Football team based in Coquitlam, British Columbia.
Leaving the Ways is an EP by The Briggs, and was released on July 27, 2004. All songs written by Joey LaRocca, except where noticed.
The Birmingham Open is a defunct tennis tournament that was played on ATP Tour for one year in 1991.
A Game for Girls (Italian: Un gioco da ragazze) is a 2008 Italian youth drama film directed by Matteo Rovere.
Carnifex is an American deathcore and Black Metal band from San Diego County, California.
The Association of Recovering Motorcyclists (ARM) is an independent motorcycle association, founded in 1986 by Judy and Jack Jensen.
Marc Jousset was a sailor from France, who represented his country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Meulan, France.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a fantasy novel written by British author J.
Vortex is a steel stand-up roller coaster at Carowinds that was built during the last year before Paramount bought the park in the year 1992.
Blue Note Records is an American jazz record label owned by Universal Music Group and operated with Decca Records. Established in 1939 by Alfred Lion and Max Margulis, it derived its name from the blue notes of jazz and the blues.
Henri Sannier (born 7 September 1947) is a French sports journalist and television presenter.
Samantha Lang is an Australian film director and screenwriter.
Iddaru Iddare (transl. They are equals) is a 1990 Telugu Action drama film, produced by Akkineni Venkat and Yarllagada Surendra under Annapurna Studios & S.S. Creations banner and directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy.
Just like Home () is a 1978 Hungarian drama film directed by Márta Mészáros and starring Anna Karina.
Jennifer Jako (born 1973) is an AIDS activist, filmmaker, photographer, lecturer and designer.
World's Best Science Fiction: 1968 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr, the fourth volume in a series of seven.
Shin Koyamada (小山田 真, Koyamada Shin, born March 10, 1982) is a Japanese-born American actor, producer, philanthropist, entrepreneur and martial artist.
Mršelj is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 164 people.
Wamiqa Gabbi is an Indian film actress, who works in Punjabi, Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil and Telugu films.
Pinilla de Jadraque is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 83 inhabitants.
Fuente-Olmedo is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain.
There are many other notable buildings in Liverpool, including the art deco former terminal building of Speke Airport, the University of Liverpool's Victoria Building.
Leandro Samarone (born 26 June 1971) is a former Brazilian football player and manager.
Riverside is an album by trumpeter Dave Douglas, saxophonist Chet Doxas, bassist Steve Swallow and drummer Jim Doxas which was released in April 2014 on Douglas' Greenleaf Music label.
Dręszew [ˈdrɛ̃ʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Hall of Fame is a live album by the progressive rock band the Moody Blues.
Vyacheslav Tokarev (born 17 June 1986, in Almaty) is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey player currently playing for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league.
The 2016 Sukma Games, officially known as the 18th Sukma Games was a Malaysian multi-sport event held in Sarawak.
Lynette Washington is an American jazz vocalist.
For the Sake of My Intemperate Youth (Swedish: För min heta ungdoms skull) is a 1952 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Mattsson.
Broadway Hostess is a 1935 American romantic comedy musical directed by Frank McDonald.
Rogier Meijer (born 5 September 1981 in Doetinchem) is a Dutch former footballer, who played his whole professional career for Dutch side De Graafschap as a midfielder.
Martín Cárdenas Ochoa (born January 28, 1982 in Medellín, Colombia) is a professional motorcycle road racer.
Dora Nelson is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Assia Noris, Carlo Ninchi and Luigi Cimara.
Nata Airport (ICAO: FBNT) is an airport serving the village of Nata in the Central District of Botswana.
Levine, whose brother Michael openly identifies as gay, is a supporter of same-sex marriage and LGBT rights.
Kolmas Nainen (literally The Third Woman in Finnish) is a successful Finnish rock band established in 1982 in Alavus was fronted by Pauli Hanhiniemi and came to fame after taking part in the 1984 Rockin SM-kisat, a rock music competition.
Lincoln the Mystic, also known as the Abraham Lincoln Memorial, is a bronze statue by James Earle Fraser.
Beatriz Pereira de Alvim (1380–1414) was a Portuguese noblewoman, the only child of Nuno Álvares Pereira and his wife Leonor de Alvim.
Ekpe Okorafor, Ph.D (born 1971) is a Nigerian American academic in computer science and technology.
Neapolitan Mystery (Italian: Giallo napoletano) is a 1979 Italian mystery film directed by Sergio Corbucci.
Aamer Anwar (born 30 December 1967) is a Scottish-based lawyer of Pakistani background, and the current Rector of the University of Glasgow.
Colmán mac Comán (died 751) was Abbot of Aran, Ireland.
"""The Oblong Box"" is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe, first published in 1844, about a sea voyage and a mysterious box."
Ligowiec is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Robert Hurt (born June 16, 1969) is an American politician who served as the U.S. Representative for Virginia's 5th congressional district from 2011 to 2017.
"WVRV (97.5 FM, ""The New 101.5, 97.5 The River"") is a radio station that serves Pine Level, Alabama."
Nazzareno Canuti (born 15 January 1956 in Bozzolo) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.
Swine Fever (2005) is an original novel written by Andrew Cartmel and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd.
The Hindu Kush mountain range reaches a height of 7,492 m (24,580 ft) at Noshaq, Afghanistan's highest peak.
Kosuke Harada (原田 紘介, Harada Kosuke, born December 21, 1977) is a former Japanese football player.
Kārlis Balodis (German: Carl Ballod; June 20, 1864 – January 13, 1931) was a notable Latvian economist, financist, statistician and demographist.
Jane Sachs (née Webb) (born 19 June 1972) is an Australian wheelchair basketball player, who has won two medals at three Paralympics from 1996 to 2004.
The Light Princess is a musical by Tori Amos and Samuel Adamson.
WARR (1520 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an African American Variety format to the Warrenton, North Carolina, United States, area.
Pornography is an American punk rock band, from New York, featuring Make Out vocalist Leah Hennessey, singer-songwriter Ryan Adams and drummer Johnny T. Yerington.
Vild-Svinet (Danish for The Wild Boar) is a steel roller coaster at BonBon-Land in southern Zealand, Denmark, approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Copenhagen.
CartaCapital is a weekly Brazilian newsmagazine published in Santana do Parnaíba, São Paulo and João Pessoa, Paraíba and distributed throughout the country by Editora Confiança.
The Communist Party of Great Britain (Marxist–Leninist) is a Marxist-Leninist, anti-imperialist political party in the United Kingdom, active in England, Scotland, and Wales.
"Luís Nicolau Fagundes Varela (August 17, 1841 – February 18, 1875) was a Brazilian Romantic poet, adept of the ""Ultra-Romanticism"" movement."
"Oklahoma Renegades is a 1940 American Western "" Three Mesquiteers "" B-movie directed by Nate Watt."
Hranice (Czech pronunciation: [ˈɦraɲɪtsɛ]; German: Weißkirchen or Mährisch Weißkirchen , Romanian: Hranițe) is a town in Moravia, the eastern Czech Republic.
Joanne Geraldine O. Lorenzana (born on February 14), known professionally as JoAnne Lorenzana, is a Filipina recording and performing artist, songwriter and former model, best known as an exponent of Original Pilipino Music in the mid-1980s to the 1990s.
He was born in Humber, Herefordshire. First-Class Matches played by William Smith-Masters In his only first-class innings, Smith-Masters scored 7 runs.
From What Is Before (Filipino: Mula sa Kung Ano ang Noon) is a 2014 Filipino drama film directed by Lav Diaz.
A Little Girl in a Big City is a 1925 silent film drama directed by Burton L. King and starring Gladys Walton.
Madden NFL 17 is an American football sports video game based on the National Football League and published by EA Sports for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One and Xbox 360.
John Cosin (30 November 1594 – 15 January 1672) was an English churchman.
James Hillhouse High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school in New Haven, Connecticut.
The PSB Paris School of Business (formerly ESG Management School) L'ESG devient Paris School of Business is a business school in Paris and Rennes (France) offering BBA, MBA, MSc, MIM, DBA, and executive education courses in English and French.
Storms of Passion (German: Stürme der Leidenschaft) is a 1932 German crime film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Emil Jannings, Anna Sten and Trude Hesterberg.
Aanchal Kumar (born 24 October 1979) is an Indian model and actress.
The Centre Union (EK, Greek: Ένωσις Κέντρου, Enosis Kentrou (ΕΚ) was a Greek political party, created in 1961 by Georgios Papandreou.
Arthur Leo Zagat (1896–1949) was an American lawyer and writer of pulp fiction and science fiction.
The Life is a musical with a book by David Newman, Ira Gasman and Cy Coleman, music by Coleman, and lyrics by Gasman.
Saya Aye (Burmese: ဆရာအေး; 1872–1930) was a major painter from Mandalay of the Traditional School who took some of the earliest steps in Burma in modernizing and Westernizing his painting, both religious and secular.
Arthur Peppercorn was born in Leominster in 1889 and educated at Hereford Cathedral School.
John Henry Cox (c. 1750 – 5 October 1791) was an English explorer who charted Great Oyster Bay, Maria Island, and Marion Bay on the east coast of Tasmania in 1789, aboard his armed brig HMS Mercury.
Hampton Roads Executive Airport is a public-use airport seven miles (11 km) southwest of Norfolk and northwest of Chesapeake, Virginia.
Franklin had to cancel plans to perform at Whitney Houston's memorial service on February 18, 2012, due to a leg spasm.Franklin was a Christian and was a registered Democrat.
Hillbilly Rock is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Marty Stuart.
Rédoine Faïd (; born 10 May 1972) is a French gangster and serial jailbreaker, considered France's most wanted criminal in 2013.
John Ryan (born 27 February 1968 in Dublin) is an Irish football manager and former player.
291 was an arts and literary magazine that was published from 1915 to 1916 in New York City.
Ebsdorfergrund is a community consisting of eleven villages in the southeast of Marburg-Biedenkopf district in Hesse, Germany.
Sarina Farhadi () is an Iranian actress.
John Eric Bartholomew, OBE (14 May 1926 – 28 May 1984), known by his stage name Eric Morecambe, was an English comedian who together with Ernie Wise formed the award-winning double act Morecambe and Wise.
North Carolina (/ˌkærəˈlaɪnə/ (listen)) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States.
Slices is a hardcore punk band from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The band includes lead vocalist Greg Kamerdze, guitarist John Kasunic, bassist Mike Kasunic, and drummer Mike Ovens.
Kim Hye-ri (born December 23, 1969) is a South Korean actress.
The Metropolitanate of Belgrade (Serbian: Београдска митрополија, romanized: Beogradska mitropolija) was a metropolitanate of the Serbian Orthodox Church that existed between 1831 and 1920, with jurisdiction over the territory of Principality and Kingdom of Serbia.
Hernesaari Heliport (Finnish: Hernesaaren helikopterikenttä, Swedish: Ärtholmens heliport, IATA: HEN, ICAO: EFHE) is located at Hernesaari, in Helsinki, Finland.
Pyramid Hill is a town in Victoria, Australia in the Shire of Loddon 234 kilometres (145 mi) north of Melbourne and 86 kilometres (53 mi) north of Bendigo.
Baigneuses, also called Bathers, is a Proto-Cubist painting, now lost or missing, created circa 1908 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger.
Dean Close School is a co-educational day and boarding private school in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England.
Pranjci is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 360 people.
Chuck Codd (born in Torrance, California) was a U.S. soccer defender who played one season in the Western Soccer Alliance, six in the National Professional Soccer League, two in the USISL and two in the USL PDL.
This Scarecrow Needs a Flame is an EP by post-hardcore group Four Letter Lie.
Lionello Stock (1866–1948) was a Croatian-Italian industrialist, businessman and owner of the Camis & Stock company (now Fernet Stock).
The 2016 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships took place on 26 March 2016 in Cardiff, United Kingdom.
Space are a British band from Liverpool, who formed in 1993 initially as a trio of Tommy Scott (vocals, bass, guitar), Jamie Murphy (vocals, guitar) and Andy Parle (drums).
Glącka [ˈɡlɔnt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The Devil's Wheel (Russian: Чёртово колесо, romanized: Chyortovo koleso) is a 1926 Soviet silent crime film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg.
Careebeyans is a 2013 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Irshad and produced by Nanda Kumar.
City of the Beasts (Spanish: La ciudad de las bestias) is the first young adult novel by Chilean-American writer Isabel Allende.
Bridget Jones's Baby: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to the 2016 British romantic comedy film, directed by Sharon Maguire.
John Francis Doerfler (born November 2, 1964) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who serves as bishop of the Diocese of Marquette, Michigan.
Ali Smith CBE FRSL (born 24 August 1962) is a Scottish author, playwright, academic and journalist.
Sumet Jumsai na Ayudhya (Thai: สุเมธ ชุมสาย ณ อยุธยา) (born 1939 in Bangkok, Thailand) is a Thai architect.
Almașu Mare (German: Groß-Obstdorf; Hungarian: Nagyalmás) is a commune located in Alba County, Transylvania, Romania.
Gilbert Field is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 & nbsp;km) west of the central business district of Rio, a village in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States.
Gus Yatron was born in Reading, Pennsylvania, to George H. and Theano Lazo Yatron, working-class Greek immigrants from the Greek city of Mytilene, of the island Lesbos.
Damdabaja (, also Romanized as Dāmdābājā; also known as Dāmdāpājā) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Parasite Rex: Inside the Bizarre World of Nature's Most Dangerous Creatures is a nonfiction book by Carl Zimmer that was published by Free Press in 2000.
Bailrigg is the campus of Lancaster University, in the City of Lancaster, Lancashire, England, 4 km (2.5 mi) south of the centre of Lancaster.
Horace Andrew Dargie (7 July 1917 – 30 August 1999) was an Australian musician and harmonicist. Horrie Dargie was born in Whyalla, South Australia, the second son of Andrew Dargie and Adelaide (née Sargent).
Patnam Rajender Reddy Memorial Engineering College (PRRM) is an engineering college in the village of Shabad Mandal, Rangareddy district, Telangana, India.
Saint Walter of Pontoise (French: Saint Gautier, Gaultier, Gaucher; c. 1030 – c. 1099) was a French saint of the eleventh century. Born at Andainville, he was a professor of philosophy and rhetoric before becoming a Benedictine monk at Rebais (diocese of Meaux).
Eseldrift is a town in Waterberg District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
John Carey, FBA, FRSL (born 5 April 1934) is a British literary critic, and post-retirement (2002) emeritus Merton Professor of English Literature at the University of Oxford.
Mordon Malitoli (born 5 August 1968) is a former Zambia international football defender who plays for clubs in Zambia, Zanzibar and Finland. Born in Mufulira, Malitoli began playing club football for local side Nkana F.C..
Lucy Awuni Mbun is a Ghanaian politician and a former deputy Upper East Regional Minister of Ghana.
The Wanton Bishops is a Lebanese rock band formed in Beirut, Lebanon in 2011. The group consists of Nader Mansour (vocals, guitar, harmonica, keyboards) and Eddy Ghossein (guitar, backing vocals, banjo).
right Arthur McArthur (19 May 1884 & ndash; ?) was an Australian politician.
Sano Sansar (Nepali: सानो संसार, translation: Small World) is a 2008 Nepali romantic comedy film directed by Alok Nembang.
Rakshasudu () is a 1986 Telugu action crime film produced by K. S. Rama Rao under the Creative Commercials banner and directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy.
Kishan Singh (born 1931) is an Indian plant pathologist, known for his contributions to the pathology of crops, especially sugarcane.
Ken Mauer Jr. (born April 23, 1955 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is an official in the National Basketball Association (NBA) since the 1986–87 NBA season.
Pär Edlund (born 9 April 1967 in Nynäshamn, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player.
Sloan–Hendrix High School is a public high school in Imboden, Arkansas, United States.
Brumovice is a village in Břeclav District, South Moravian Region, Czech Republic.
Nandyala Varada Rajulu Reddy (born 22 November 1942) is a former MLA of Proddatur in Kadapa district from Indian National Congress.
Hayat Sana Güzel (English: Life is Beautiful to You) is a song by Turkish artist Murat Boz, taken from his forthcoming third studio album.
So Tough (1993) is the second studio album by British band Saint Etienne.
Harmonajzer (Harmonizer) is the ninth studio album by the Serbian rock band Električni Orgazam, released by PGP RTS in 2002.
Bastia – Poretta Airport (French: Aéroport de Bastia Poretta, IATA: BIA, ICAO: LFKB) is an airport serving Bastia on the French mediterranean island of Corsica.
Charlotte Sometimes is a 2002 film written, directed, and produced by Eric Byler.
S. Pierre Yameogo (15 May 1955 – 1 April 2019) Page triste: décès du cinéaste burkinabè Saint Pierre Yaméogo was a Burkinabé film director and screenwriter.
Johnny Speight (2 June 1920 – 5 July 1998) was an English television scriptwriter of many classic British sitcoms.
Vannali is a village in Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Raymond Asso (2 June 1901 – 24 October 1968) was a French lyricist. Born in Nice, France, his parents separation saw him leave for Morocco at the age of 15.
The Nacirema Dream is the debut studio album by American rapper Papoose.
He was the presenter of Gardeners World from 1980 to 1982 and a number of other BBC series in the early 80s including Geoffrey Smith's World of Flowers, Mr Smith’s Flower Garden, Mr Smith's Favourite Garden and Mr Smith’s Indoor Garden all of which were accompanied by books.
"KFXN (690 AM; ""Hmong Radio AM 690"") is a radio station licensed to Minneapolis, Minnesota, serving the Twin Cities area."
Donald Audette's son Daniel Audette (born in 1996) was the first pick of the 2012 Quebec Major Junior Hockey League draft and was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
The ZIP code for Witter Springs is 95493. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Witter Springs, California Durham, David L.
The Gents were an English mod revival band from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, active in the 1980s and reunited occasionally from 2010, significant and notable for their lower end UK chart history from 1985 to 1987.
Ricardo Abumohor (Spanish pronunciation: [riˈkaɾðo aβumoˈoɾ], born 9 June 1942) is a Chilean businessman of Palestinian origin, current owner of Primera División club O'Higgins since 2006.
Julio Alejandro (27 November 1906 – 22 September 1995) was a Spanish screenwriter.
Sarılar, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
Gutowo Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Gabriela Gozani (born (1991-08-05)5 August 1991) was a Brazilian female water polo player.
Dayse Figueiredo (born ) is a Brazilian female volleyball player.
Hooker 'n Heat is a double album released by blues musician John Lee Hooker and blues-rock band Canned Heat in early 1971. It was the last studio album to feature harmonica player, guitarist and songwriter Alan Wilson, who died in September 1970 (1970-09) from a drug overdose.
Like a Virgin is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Madonna, released on November 12, 1984, by Sire Records.
Alexandre Soares (born 5 February 1973) is a Brazilian footballer.
Vasilije Micić (Serbian: Василије Мицић, born January 13, 1994) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Anadolu Efes of the Turkish Basketball Super League and the EuroLeague.
"WNOW (1030 AM) ""Activa"" is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format licensed to Mint Hill, North Carolina, United States."
The Origins of Ruin is the third studio release of the progressive metal band Redemption.
Patrizia Deitos (born 11 May 1975 in Rimini, Emilia-Romagna, Italy) is an Italian model.
Manidharil Manikkam (English: A Jewel Among Humans) is a 1973 Indian Tamil film, directed by C.
Patrick Andy (born c. 1960, Clarendon Parish, Jamaica) is a reggae singer, whose stage name is a reference to his similarity to the older reggae singer Horace Andy.
Baddies were a British high energy indie rock band formed in late 2007 and played through 2012.
Jessie Newbery (28 May 1864 – 27 April 1948) was a Scottish artist and embroiderer.
Kelly Miller (July 18, 1863 – December 29, 1939) was an American mathematician, sociologist, essayist, newspaper columnist, author, and an important figure in the intellectual life of black America for close to half a century.
León Artola was a Spanish screenwriter and film director.
Wojewódki Dolne [vɔjɛˈvutki ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The couple had two children, Charles H. Aldrich, Jr. and Helen Aldrich Hare.
Noeleen Batley (born 25 December 1944) was an Australian pop star in the 1960s and early 1970s.
Diamonds Are Forever is the fourth novel by the English author Ian Fleming to feature his fictional British Secret Service agent James Bond.
Myre Church (Norwegian: Myre kirke) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Øksnes Municipality in Nordland county, Norway.
Valentin Afraimovich (Russian: Валентин Сендерович Афраймович, 2 April 1945, Kirov, Kirov Oblast, USSR – 21 February 2018, Nizhny Novgorod, Russia) was a Soviet, Russian and Mexican mathematician.
Final Victory is a 1987 Hong Kong action film directed by Patrick Tam and starring Eric Tsang, Loletta Lee, Margaret Lee and Tsui Hark.
KVNN (1340 AM, Victoria News Network) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Victoria, Texas, United States, the station serves the Victoria, TX area.
Man Mandir is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Tapi Chanakya. The film stars Waheeda Rehman and Sanjeev Kumar.
Here and Nowhere Else is the third studio album and fourth LP overall by Cloud Nothings.
Michael Sullivan (February 13, 1838 & ndash; January 26, 1915) was a Canadian physician, professor, and politician. Born in Killarney, County Kerry, Ireland, Sullivan came to Canada in 1842 and settled in Kingston, Ontario.
"Thomas K. Mooney (January 30, 1962 & ndash; June 28, 2007) was an American diplomat and Army officer until his disappearance and death in 2007. ""."
Pierre Lachambeaudie's grave at (Père Lachaise cemetery) His fables were crowned twice by the Académie française.
Lambourne is a civil parish in the Epping Forest district of Essex, England.
Rie Kitahara (北原 里英, Kitahara Rie, born June 24, 1991) is a Japanese singer and actress formerly associated with the Japanese idol girl group NGT48 and former member of AKB48 and SKE48.
Pedro Vaz Marinheiro was a Portuguese nobleman, navigator, resident and colonizer of the Azores Islands.
19 Red Roses (Danish: Nitten røde roser) is a 1974 Danish crime film directed by Esben Høilund Carlsen and starring Henning Jensen.
Basnayake Shalith Malinda Warnapura (born 26 May 1979 in Colombo, Sri Lanka), or Malinda Warnapura, is a former professional Sri Lankan cricketer, who played 14 Tests and 3 ODIs.
The Iguamo River (or Higuamo River) is a river of the Dominican Republic.
"""One Love at a Time"" is a song written by Paul Davis and Paul Overstreet, and recorded by American country music artist Tanya Tucker."
Urwerk is the first compilation album of the German folk metal band Finsterforst, consisting of the re-release of their first two studio albums.
Koodi (English: Code) is the debut album by Finnish teen pop singer Robin, released on 22 February 2012 through Universal Music Finland.
Karposhtli-ye Baghi (Persian: كرپشتلي باغي‎, also Romanized as Karposhtlī-ye Bāghī) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.
José da Avé-Maria Leite da Costa e Silva (10 February 1727, Santo Antão — 30 October 1799, Angra) was the 23rd Bishop of the Diocese of Angra, governing from 1783 to 1799.
Bossier High School is a co-educational college preparatory high school in Bossier City, Louisiana.
Desafinado is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse!.
Surprise Surprise is the 1982 studio album of Mezzoforte on Steinar.
Phanuwat Jinta (, born January 6, 1987), simply known as (), is a professional footballer from Thailand.
Mon Mane Na (Bengali: মন মানে না) is a Bengali romance movie that was released in 2008, directed by Sujit Guha.
JYJ (formerly known as Junsu/Yuchun/Jejung in Japan) is a South Korean pop group formed in 2010 by Jaejoong, Yoochun, and Junsu, the three former members of TVXQ.
Khalid Mahmood Mithu (1960 – March 7, 2016) was a Bangladeshi film director and painter.
Manthiri Kumari (transl. The Minister's Daughter) is a 1950 Indian Tamil-language historical fiction film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring M. G. Ramachandran, M. N. Nambiar.
Resurrected is a 1989 drama film directed by Paul Greengrass in his directorial debut, written by Martin Allen, and starring David Thewlis.
The Cecil Hoskins Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located in the Southern Highlands area of New South Wales Australia.
¡Viva la Cobra! is the second studio album by Cobra Starship.
Khangabok is a village located about 25 & nbsp;km south of Imphal, in the state of Manipur, India.
The 900th Expeditionary Air Refueling Squadron is a provisional United States Air Force unit.
Die Fahne Hoch! is a Minimalist painting by Frank Stella completed in 1959.
Hay Amores Y Amores (There Loves And Loves) is the title of a studio album released by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal on April 25, 1995 by BMG Ariola, written and produced by Argentinean songwriter Roberto Livi.
Brendan Fletcher (born December 15, 1981) is a Canadian actor, screenwriter, and producer who has appeared in film, television and theatre.
Alía is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2014 census, the municipality has a population of 936 inhabitants.
Memphis University School (MUS) is a college-preparatory, independent, day school for boys, grades 7–12, located in Memphis, Tennessee.
Torrecuadradilla is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 51 inhabitants.
Svetlana Sourtseva (Светлана Сергеевна Сурцева) (born Svetlana Sergueïevna Akulova 10 April 1984 in Cheliabinsk) is a Russian volleyball player.
Park Min-gyu (born 1968) (Korean: 박민규) is a South Korean writer.
Co-Founder and Editor-in-Chief of Arab-West Report Secretary-General of the Center for Arab-West Understanding Cornelis Hulsman is a Dutch sociologist who has been living in Egypt since 1994.
Half a Sinner is a 1934 American pre-Code drama film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Sally Blane, Joel McCrea and Berton Churchill.
Oliver Wendell Holmes High School is a public high school that is part of the Northside Independent School District in San Antonio, Texas (United States).
Ivan Pešić (born 17 March 1989) is a Croatian handball goalkeeper for Meshkov Brest and the Croatian national team.
Vidayutham is a 2016 Tamil film directed by Nagamaneci (Now N.Nakamaneci).
Frank Aolie (born November 8, 1992, in Ivory Coast) is an Ivorian footballer currently playing for C.D.
Hablemos de Amor (English Let's talk about love) is the 18th studio album by Mexican pop singer Mijares.
G L Roberts Collegiate and Vocational Institute is located in Oshawa, Ontario within the Durham District School Board.
Friedrich Benfer (August 28, 1905 – January 30, 1996) was a German film actor.
Swerford is a village and civil parish on the River Swere in the Cotswold Hills in Oxfordshire, England.
Per Cock-Clausen (September 23, 1912 & ndash; August 11, 2002) was a Danish figure skater. He was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark.
.nz is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for New Zealand.
Ganymed was an Austrian/German space disco band founded in 1977.
Shangri-La is a musical with a book and lyrics by James Hilton, Jerome Lawrence, and Robert E. Lee and music by Harry Warren.
Catapilla is the first studio album by the prog rock band Catapilla.
Heaven is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Rebecca Ferguson.
Dweir Baabda (Arabic: دوير بعبده‎, Duwayr Ba'bda or Duweir Baabda) is a village in northwestern Syria administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located southeast of Latakia.
Sir James Hopwood Jeans OM FRS (11 September 1877 – 16 September 1946) was an English physicist, astronomer and mathematician. Born in Ormskirk, Lancashire, the son of William Tulloch Jeans, a parliamentary correspondent and author.
Fat Salt & Flame is the seventh studio album by Filipino alternative rock band Sandwich, released on April 12, 2013 by PolyEast Records.
WMSA (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting Local and National News, Community Information and Oldies format. Licensed to Massena, New York, United States, the station is owned by the Stephens Media Group.
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes is a triple live album by the Velvet Underground.
Lionello Levi Sandri (5 October 1910 in Milan – 14 April 1991 in Rome) was an Italian politician and European Commissioner.
Red Rabbit is a spy thriller novel, written by Tom Clancy and released on August 5, 2002.
Kusiće is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradište, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 742 people.
The Vertical Smile is a political satire novel by Richard Condon, published in 1971.
Yōsuke Eguchi (江口 洋介, Eguchi Yōsuke, born December 31, 1967) is a Japanese poet, actor, and singer.
Abraham Kurland (June 10, 1912 – March 14, 1999) was a Danish wrestler. Kurland was Jewish, and was born in Odense, Syddanmark, Denmark.
Sandeep maan receiving ARJUNA AWARD Sandeep Singh Maan is an Indian Para athlete competing in Men's 100m, 200m, 400m and Long Jump events in the T46 category.
SouthWest Energy Ltd is an Ethiopian oil and gas exploration and production company located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The company was established in 2005 by Tewodros Ashenafi.
End the Fed is a 2009 book by Congressman Ron Paul of Texas.
Milly D'Abbraccio is an Italian actress and pornographic actress.
Bradić (Serbian: Брадић) is a settlement near the Serbian city of Loznica in the Mačva District.
Frillesås is a locality situated in Kungsbacka Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 2,044 inhabitants in 2010.
KLUU (103.5 FM) is a Contemporary Christian station broadcasting EMF's K-Love network licensed to Wahiawa, Hawaii and serves the Honolulu radio market.
Szostek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The World is an Australian news program which broadcasts on ABC News from 10pm to 11pm on weekdays.
Uppi 2 (titled Upendra 2 in Telugu) is a 2015 Indian Kannada psychological thriller film written, directed by and starring Upendra in the lead role, and is a sequel to his 1999 film Upendra, and was produced under his production company, Upendra Productions.
WFOS is an adult standards and big band-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Chesapeake, Virginia, serving the Southside of Hampton Roads.
Held for Ransom is a 2000 direct-to-video film, starring Dennis Hopper, Zachery Ty Bryan, Morgan Fairchild and Debi Mazar. It was directed and written by Lee Stanley based on the novel by Lois Duncan.
Suavemente (English: Smoothly) is the debut studio album by American merenguero recording artist Elvis Crespo.
Matko Jelavić (born 29 March 1958 in Split) is a Croatian singer, songwriter, composer and drummer.
Jiřina Třebická (November 1, 1930 Prague – January 23, 2005 Prague) was a Czech dancer and theater and film actress.
Daniel Clarkson is a British comedy actor and playwright.
François Valéry (real name : Jean-Louis Mougeot, born on 4 August 1954, in Oran, French Algeria) is a French singer-songwriter and composer.
Pokrvenik is a village in the municipality of Tutin, Serbia.
Pormehr (Persian: پرمهر‎; also known as Parmehr) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Choi Min-sik (born May 30, 1962) is a South Korean actor.
Pathamudayam is a 1985 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by J. The film stars Mohanlal, Urvashi, M.
Kościerzyce [kɔɕt͡ɕɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ] (German Groß Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
WAEY is a Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Princeton, West Virginia, serving Princeton and Mercer County, West Virginia.
Night Watch is a 1973 British-American suspense-thriller film directed by Brian G. Hutton.
Money Back Policy is a 2013 Malayalam humorfilm directed by Jayaraj Vijay, Written & Produced by Manoj Ramsingh.
March of the Norse is the debut studio album by Demonaz, released in 2011 through Nuclear Blast.
XHCZ-FM is a radio station on 104.9 FM in San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí.
Bidushi Dash Barde ( 1989 – October 2012) was an Indian film actress and model based in Mumbai.
Campigneulles-les-Petites is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Edgars Gauračs (born 10 March 1988) is a retired Latvian footballer who played as a striker. Until summer 2006 he played for Blāzma Rēzekne, but after training in Italy with teams like Milan, Sampdoria and Lazio, he signed with Ascoli.
Elizabeth Turnbull (2 May 1885 & ndash; 4 June 1988), also known as Bessie Turnbull, was a New Zealand woollen mill worker and centenarian.
Coordinates: 39°48′12.98″N 75°28′58.11″W﻿ / ﻿39.8036056°N 75.4828083°W﻿ / 39.8036056; -75.4828083 Wilmington Montessori School is a Montessori school located in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, serving ages 12 months through eighth grade.
HE George Maxwell Richards, TC, CM, PhD (1 December 1931 – 8 January 2018), was a Trinidadian and Tobagonian politician who served as the fourth President of Trinidad and Tobago, in office from 2003 to 2013.
"""If You're Gonna Walk, I'm Gonna Crawl"" is a song written by Larry Bastian and Buddy Cannon, and recorded by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw."
Charles Biederman, born Karel Joseph Biederman (1906–2004), was an American abstract artist who lived in Chicago, New York City, and Paris before settling in Red Wing, Minnesota.
Pierre Louis Antoine Cordier (31 March 1777 – 30 March 1861) Biography of Louis Cordier Annales.org, accessed 20 September 2009 was a French geologist and mineralogist, and a founder of the French Geological Society.
A is the fifth English-language studio album by Swedish singer Agnetha Fältskog, formerly a member of the group ABBA.
Móveis Coloniais de Acaju (usually referred to as simply Móveis; Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈmɔvejs]) are a Brazilian-based band comprising ten members such as singer André Gonzáles, keyboardist Eduardo Borém, and bassist Fabio Pedroza.
Gromin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Helene Hanff (April 15, 1916 – April 9, 1997) was an American writer born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Bigamist (Italian: Il bigamo) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Emmer.
L'Anse Creuse High School is a public school in Harrison Township, Michigan, United States.
Nico Siegrist (born 9 June 1991, in Luzern) is a football striker playing for SC Kriens in the Swiss Promotion League.
She is also the stepmother to Jack Montgomery McDermott (born October 10, 1998), who is McDermott's son with Eustace. Spelling was anticipated to inherit a sizable portion of her father's $500 million estate after his death in 2006.
The True Nature of Bernadette (French: La Vraie Nature de Bernadette) is a 1972 Canadian drama film directed by Gilles Carle.
Papercutz (stylized as :papercutz or :PAPERCUTZ) is a Portuguese Electronic music act formed as a side project in Porto that became a fully active band in 2008.
"""Three-Bladed Doom"" is an adventure short story by American writer Robert E. Howard, featuring his character El Borak."
Yuri Alexandrov (September 13, 1963 & nbsp;– January 2, 2013) was a Russian Soviet-era boxer who was World Amateur Flyweight Champion in 1982, and European Amateur Bantamweight Champion in 1983, as well as four-time champion of the USSR (1982, 1984, 1986,1987).
That's My Boy is a 2012 American satirical comedy film directed by Sean Anders and starring Adam Sandler and Andy Samberg.
Eagles Nest Airport (FAA LID: 6N9) is a privately owned, public use airport located in Potters Hill, a census-designated place in Duplin County, North Carolina, United States.
John Newsom-Davis was born in Harpenden, Hertfordshire, the eldest child and only son of Kenneth Newsom-Davis, the managing director of the Davis Gas Cooker Company, and his wife Eileen, a doctor's daughter.
Blackjack Billy is an American country rock group composed of Noll Billings (vocals), Clayton Shay (vocals, bass guitar), Jeff Coplan (electric guitar), and Brad Cummings (drums).
Theme Aquarium (テーマ アクアリウム, Tēma Akuariumu) is a simulation video game published by Electronic Arts Square, in which the player creates and controls a sea life aquarium.
CKNW owned by Corus Entertainment, is the second highest-rated talk radio station in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Marion Meadows is an American saxophonist and composer, mainly in smooth jazz.
Stamford Shakespeare Company, a registered charity, is an amateur theatre company presenting an annual season of plays in June, July and August at the Rutland Open Air Theatre in the grounds of Tolethorpe Hall, Rutland.
Mr. Soft Touch is a 1949 American film noir crime film directed by Gordon Douglas and Henry Levin and starring Glenn Ford and Evelyn Keyes.
Plodršnica () is a small settlement in the Slovene Hills () southeast of Šentilj v Slovenskih Goricah in the Municipality of Šentilj in northeastern Slovenia.
The Bassoon King: My Life in Art, Faith, and Idiocy is a nonfiction book authored by American actor Rainn Wilson.
Glen Burtnik (born Glenn Burtnick, April 8, 1955) is a singer, songwriter, entertainer and multi-instrumentalist, best known as a former member of Styx.
Harbor Airlines (also known as Harbor Air) was a commuter airline from the United States, which existed from 1971 to 2001. Based at Oak Harbor, Washington and operated regional passenger flights in the Puget Sound area.
Core is the debut studio album by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots, released on September 29, 1992 through Atlantic Records.
Emma Barrandeguy (8 March 1914 – 19 December 2006) was an Argentine writer, journalist, poet, storyteller and playwright. Barrandeguy was born in 1914 in Gualeguay, Entre Ríos.
Thenavattu () is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by V.
"Gülen Gözler (""Laughing Eyes"") is a 1977 Turkish comedy film directed by Ertem Eğilmez."
Eithan Urbach (born 12 January 1977 in Haifa) is a former backstroke swimmer from Israel.
Altai Airport (IATA: LTI, ICAO: ZMAT) is a public airport serving Altai, which is the capital of the Govi-Altai province (aimag) in western Mongolia.
WYSH (1380 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic country music format. Licensed to serve Clinton, Tennessee, United States, the station serves the Knoxville area.
Mizar: The Star of Hope () is Macedonian 2014 documentary film written and directed by Marko Dzambazoski.
René Tavernier (26 August 1914, Nevele – 19 November 1992, Ghent) was a Belgian geologist and stratigrapher.
Robert Hansen was born in Estherville, Iowa, in 1939.
"""Unbalance by Me"" is the tenth single released by Japanese singer and cellist Kanon Wakeshima."
Milena Rosner (born 4 January 1980) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team in 2000–2008, a participant in the Olympic Games Beijing 2008, European Champion 2005, and Polish Champion in 2006 and 2009.
María is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
Festival (stylized as Festival!) is a 1967 American documentary film about the Newport Folk Festival, written, produced, and directed by Murray Lerner.
Flight Around the World () is a 1925 German silent adventure film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Ellen Richter, Reinhold Schünzel, and Bruno Kastner.
Rhinelander–Oneida County Airport (IATA: RHI, ICAO: KRHI, FAA LID: RHI) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Rhinelander, a city in Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States.
Eri Tokunaga (徳永エリ, Tokunaga Eri, born 1 January 1962) is a Japanese politician and former television reporter from the Democratic Party of Japan.
Jung Jin-young (Korean: 정진영; born November 18, 1991), professionally known as Jinyoung, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, record producer, and actor.
KRSV (1210 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format, and is licensed to Afton, Wyoming, United States.
The Malmö Games is an annual track and field competition.
Spellbound is a 1945 American film noir psychological mystery thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
Boyoz is a Turkish pastry of Sephardi Jewish origin, associated with İzmir, Turkey, which is practically the only city where it is prepared for commercial purposes and follows the original recipe.
Wang Huo (; born 1 July 1924) is a Chinese novelist and screen writer.
Eastern Oregon Regional Airport (IATA: PDT, ICAO: KPDT, FAA LID: PDT) (Eastern Oregon Regional Airport at Pendleton) is a public airport three miles northwest of Pendleton, in Umatilla County, Oregon.
Blanche Neige is a 2009 French film directed by Angelin Preljocaj.
Stanislav Danko (born 17 March 1994) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for Zemplín Michalovce as a midfielder.
Danilo Lokar (9 May 1892 – 21 July 1989) was a Slovene physician and Expressionist writer.
Plymouth Municipal Airport (ICAO: KPMZ, FAA LID: PMZ) is a county-owned, public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) south of the central business district of Plymouth, in Washington County, North Carolina, United States.
Drohi () is a 2010 Tamil-language neo-noir crime film written and directed by Sudha Kongara Prasad, starring Srikanth, Vishnu, Poorna, Poonam Bajwa and Thiagarajan in lead roles.
The Cleveland Daily Banner is a daily newspaper published in Cleveland, Tennessee.
The Good Neighbor is a 2016 American thriller film directed by Kasra Farahani and written by Mark Bianculli and Jeff Richard.
The Oxford College of Science is a science college located in Bangalore, India under The Oxford Educational Institutions.
The Consul of Bordeaux (Portuguese: O Cônsul de Bordéus) is a 2012 Portuguese biographical historical drama film directed by Francisco Manso and João Correa and starring Vítor Norte as Aristides de Sousa Mendes.
Qelich Khanlu (Persian: قليچ خانلو‎, also Romanized as Qelīch Khānlū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.
Augustin Pajou (19 September 1730 – 8 May 1809) was a French sculptor, born in Paris.
Freedom: Atlanta Pop Festival is a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix, released in 2015.
Titus van Rijn (22 September 1641 – 4 September 1668) was the fourth and only surviving child of Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn and Saskia van Uylenburgh.
Chiyoko Shimakura (島倉 千代子, Shimakura Chiyoko) (30 March 1938 – 8 November 2013) was an enka singer and TV presenter in Japan.
Encounter is a 2013 action thriller Bengali film directed by Suman Mukhopadhyay and produced by Kamini Tewari.
Jong Song-ok (; born 18 August 1974) is a female long-distance runner and politician from North Korea, who won the world title in the women's marathon at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics in Seville, Spain.
Christian Dozzler (born September 22, 1958, Vienna, Austria) is a blues, boogie woogie and zydeco multi-instrumentalist and singer from Austria, now based in the Dallas/Fort Worth (Texas) area.
Wayne Bickerton (born Arthur Ronald Bickerton; Wayne Bickerton at discogs.com. Retrieved 11 November 2009 11 July 1941 – 29 November 2015) was a British musician, songwriter, record producer and music business executive.
Tooele High School is a secondary school located in Tooele, Utah, United States currently educating students in grades 9–12.
Fernand Dehousse (French: [də.us]; 3 July 1906 – 10 August 1976) was a Belgian politician.
Rückers is a village in the municipality of Flieden, in the district of Fulda, in Hesse, Germany.
Angela Chang (traditional Chinese: 張韶涵; simplified Chinese: 张韶涵; pinyin: Zhāng Shàohán; born 19 January 1982) is a Taiwanese singer and actress best known for her work on Taiwanese television drama My MVP Valentine.
Last Song in Paris is a 1986 Hong Kong romance film written and directed by Chor Yuen and starring Leslie Cheung, Anita Mui, Joey Wong and Cecilia Yip Louie (Leslie Cheung), a spoiled pop star, has a one-night stand with beautiful dancer, Anita (Anita Mui).
Lynne Cohen (July 3, 1944 – May 12, 2014) was an American-Canadian photographer.
The Scientists of Modern Music were an electronic group from Hobart, Australia, consisting of Cal Young and Simon McIntosh.
Link (リンク) is the twenty-second single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.
Bulcha Demeksa (born 1930) is an outspoken Ethiopian politician and businessman.
Ralph Wheelock (1600–1683) was an English Puritan minister, American colonial public official, and educator. He is known for having been the first public school teacher in America.
The A7 motorway (Croatian: Autocesta A7) is a 42.4-kilometre-long (26.3 mi) motorway in Croatia. It connects the nation's largest port in Rijeka, to the Croatian motorway network, as well as to the Rupa and Pasjak border crossings to Slovenia.
Cities of the Underworld is an American documentary television series that premiered on March 2, 2007, on the History channel.
The Elephant Celebes (or short Celebes) is a 1921 painting by the German Dadaist and surrealist Max Ernst.
John D'earth (born March 30, 1950) is an American post bop/hard bop jazz trumpeter born in Framingham, Massachusetts who has appeared on recordings by Dave Matthews and Bruce Hornsby as well as recording a number of CDs on his own.
Kong: Skull Island is a 2017 American monster film directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts.
Duncan Vann Williford (born January 26, 1948) is a retired American professional basketball player.
The Colegio Bilingue Real is a school in the Mexican city of Nuevo Laredo.
Marius Job Cohen (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈmaːrijɵs ˈjɔp koːˈɦɛn]; born 18 October 1947) is a retired Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA) and jurist.
Ek Ruka Hua Faisla (English: A Pending Decision) is a 1986 Indian Bollywood courtroom drama film, directed by Basu Chatterjee.
Nick Parker is an English journalist and chief foreign correspondent of London-based The Sun newspaper.
The Air of Paris (French: L'air de Paris) is a 1954 French-Italian drama film directed by Marcel Carné and starring Jean Gabin, Arletty and Roland Lesaffre.
Me Myself I is the sixth studio album by Joan Armatrading.
The Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball team represents Texas Tech University and competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I. Candace Whitaker, a former player for the Lady Raiders, was named head coach in 2013 and was fired on January 1, 2018.
Ayinavalli is a village in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
William Adolphus Crouse (October 22, 1866, Fannettsburg, Pennsylvania – June 27, 1941) was an American Medal of Honor recipient.
Kanavi is a village in the Gadag district of Karnataka State in India.
One Night in Lisbon is a 1941 American thriller film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Fred MacMurray, Madeleine Carroll and Patricia Morison.
Hiziel Souza Soares (born 16 May 1985 in Manaus, Amazonas), commonly known as Soares, is a Brazilian football striker.
"Sheffield Steel is the eighth studio album by Joe Cocker, produced by Chris Blackwell and Alex Sadkin, with Sly and Robbie, Wally Badarou, Barry Reynolds, Mikey Chung and Uziah "" Sticky "" Thompson, a.k.a."
4 Square was a British game show that aired on BBC1 from 3 May 1988 to 31 October 1991.
Paweł Janas ([ˈpavɛw ˈjanas]; born 4 March 1953 in Pabianice) is a football manager and former footballer of Polish nationality.
Basilica Peak () is a granite peak, high, located southeast of Mount Gorton in the southern part of the Wilson Hills in Antarctica.
Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna is an Indian soap opera broadcast on STAR Plus channel.
Johannes Voigtmann (born 30 September 1992) is a German professional basketball player for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League and the EuroLeague.
Elim Airport (IATA: ELI, ICAO: PFEL, FAA LID: ELI) is a state-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Elim, a city in the Nome Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Gariyoshi (গৰীয়সী) is an Assamese language monthly literary magazine published by the Sahitya-Prakash, Tribune Building, Guwahati.
Clearview High School (CHS) is a public high school located in Lorain, Ohio, United States.
Next Door's Baby is a musical with music and lyrics by Matthew Strachan and book by Bernie Gaughan (whose novels are published under the name Bernadette Strachan), based on Gaughan's radio play of the same name.
C. Radhakrishnan (born 15 February 1939) is a writer and film director in Malayalam language from Kerala, India.
The son of a judge who moved around Northern Queensland on judicial matters, Mark Loane was born in Ipswich, Queensland.
"""Solo"" is a song performed by British Virgin Islands recording artist Iyaz. It is the second single released from his album titled ""Replay"", released on 8 June 2010."
Flynn Gower (born. 1972) is an Australian vocalist, composer and guitarist, currently the frontman of The Occupants.
The Antinous Mondragone is a 0.95 m high marble example of the iconographic type of the deified Antinous, of c. 130 AD.
Lytsewierrum () is a small village in Súdwest-Fryslân municipality in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.
Ylem (pronounced e-lem) is the sixth full-length studio release from German melodic black metal band Dark Fortress; and the second to feature new vocalist Morean.
"Gerstlauer Amusement Rides GmbH is a German manufacturer of stationary and transportable amusement rides and roller coasters, located in Münsterhausen, Germany. In 1982 Hubert Gerstlauer, a former employee of the Schwarzkopf GmbH, founded ""Gerstlauer Elektro GmbH""."
Joe Jacob (born 1 April 1939) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician.
Ravnan (, also Romanized as Rāvnān) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Jaunmokas Manor (Latvian: Jaunmoku muižas pils; German: Schloss Neu-Mocken) is a manor house in Tume Parish, Tukums Municipality in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.
Friedrich Carl Knauer (31 March 1850, Graz – 31 July 1926, Vienna) was an Austrian zoologist. Friedrich Knauer studied physics, chemistry and zoology at the University of Vienna from 1868 to 1872.
Breathless is the second and final studio album by British metal band The Eyes of a Traitor.
William Bradshaw VC (12 February 1830 – 9 March 1861), born in Thurles, County Tipperary, was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for valour in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Herbert Richers (March 11, 1923 & ndash; November 20, 2009) was a Brazilian film and dubbing producer.
Anders Trondsen (born 30 March 1995) is a Norwegian football midfielder who plays for Eliteserien side Rosenborg. Trondsen made his debut for Lillehammer FK in the 2011 Norwegian Second Division.
Patrick Graham (born October 3, 1969 in Calgary, Alberta) is a retired Canadian heavyweight boxer.
Lac la Ronge is a glacial lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.
"LM.C is a Japanese visual kei rock duo playing a mix of electronic rock and pop, which they call ""new century electrorock""."
Kris Kamm (born November 29, 1964) is an American actor, most recognizable from his role as Stuart Rosebrock in the sitcom Coach. Kamm was born in Evanston, Illinois.
"The Norwegian Armed Forces (Norwegian: Forsvaret, ""The Defence"") is the military organisation responsible for the defence of Norway."
Finnish Commuter Airlines Oy, trading as Finncomm Airlines, was a regional airline with its head office on the grounds of Seinäjoki Airport in Ilmajoki, Finland, near Seinäjoki.
The Book of Night Women is a 2009 novel by Jamaican author Marlon James.
Nirbhay Pal Sharma was an Indian politician and member of the 09th, 12th and the 13th Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh of India.
Kurpeh (Persian: كورپه‎, also Romanized as Kūrpeh) is a village in Iran, located in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province.
Congo vivo is a 1962 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti and Jean Seberg.
Ring Round the Moon is a 1950 adaptation by the English dramatist Christopher Fry of Jean Anouilh's Invitation to the Castle (1947).
Mark Hilton (born 20 April 1981) is a tennis coach and former professional tennis player from Chester, England.
Classical Contemporary Zen in Japan Seon in Korea Thiền in Vietnam Zen / Chán in the USA Tetsuo Sōkatsu (1870–1954) was a Japanese Rinzai-master.
WRFA-LP (107.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting in an Educational format. Licensed to Jamestown, New York, the station serves the Jamestown area.
Anekere is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
Naked Ape is a Swedish indie/electronica band from Stockholm, formed in 2000.
Telisha Shaw (born October 4, 1978) is an American retired actress, dancer, and singer.
Alcalá de Ebro is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 279 inhabitants.
The Register-Mail is an American daily newspaper published in Galesburg, Illinois.
Morlocks is an alternative/industrial rock band formed in Gothenburg, Sweden in the early 1990s by J.Strauss and Н.М.Д.
Landslide is a first-person narrative novel written by English author Desmond Bagley, and was first published in 1967.
"Yad Eliezer (Hebrew: אגודת יד אליעזר‎, ""Yad Eliezer Association"") is a Jewish poverty-relief organization in Israel."
Hasanbeyli is a town and district of Osmaniye Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey.
Hitlerjunge Quex: Ein Film vom Opfergeist der deutschen Jugend is a 1933 German Nazi propaganda film directed by Hans Steinhoff, based on the 1932 novel Hitler Youth Quex.
Hasan Masood (born December 16, 1962) is a Bangladeshi actor. He is also a former journalist and military officer.
Loose Tails is the first collection of the comic strip series Bloom County by Berkeley Breathed.
Mure is a village in the municipality of Raška, Serbia.
Communiqué is the second studio album by the British rock band Dire Straits released on 15 June 1979 by Vertigo Records internationally, Warner Bros. Records in the United States and Mercury Records in Canada.
REDIRECT WMJM (Bowling Green, Kentucky).
Rak Records is a British record label, founded by record producer Mickie Most in 1969.
Cadets () is a 1939 German historical war film directed by Karl Ritter and starring Mathias Wieman, Carsta Löck, and Andrews Engelmann.
Masked Ball () is a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Alfréd Deésy and featuring Béla Lugosi.
Chorabali (Bengali: চোরাবালি, English: Quicksand) is a 2016 Bengali Suspense Thriller film directed by Subhrajit Mitra, starring Barun Chanda, June Malia, Sayani Datta, Shataf Figar and others.
A Christmas Dream () is a 1945 Czechoslovak short film directed by Karel Zeman and .
"""Tribal Rites of the New Saturday Night"" is the title of a 1976 New York Magazine article by British rock journalist Nik Cohn, which formed the basis for the plot and inspired the characters in the movie Saturday Night Fever (1977)."
Antarctic Crossing is a 1958 British documentary film directed by George Lowe.
Bryce Miller (born July 26, 1982) is an American racing driver from Summit, New Jersey.
Horní Nětčice is a village and municipality (obec) in Přerov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
Consumed is a Canadian reality television series produced by Paperny Entertainment that airs on HGTV Canada.
MHC Krylya Sovetov (; lit. Moscow Hockey Club Soviet Wings) was a professional ice hockey team based in Moscow, Russia.
Bajinci () is a village in the municipality of Crna Trava, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 23 people.
György Kéri (; January 11, 1950 – July 20, 2016) was a Hungarian biochemist, professor and Doctor of Biological Sciences (D.Sc.).
Daniel Savio (born 6 April 1978), is a Swedish electronic musician, composer and DJ. He is recognized as the originator of the genre term skweee, describing the sparse electronic music style initially released on Scandinavian record label Flogsta Danshall.
Arch Falls is an outdoor 1981 bronze sculpture by American artist Bryan Hunt, installed at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston's Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden, in the U.S. state of Texas.
Armed America: Portraits of Gun Owners in Their Homes, published in 2006 by Krause Publications, is a book by American photographer Kyle Cassidy.
Killer Sounds is the third studio album by English indie rock band Hard-Fi.
Olav Berkaak (1915 & ndash;1980) was a Norwegian novelist and teacher at a folk high school.
Panojeviće is a village in the municipality of Raška, Serbia.
In Torment in Hell is the sixth studio album by American death metal band Deicide.
He has an identical twin brother, Dan, as well as an older sister and brother, Rachel and Doug, and two younger brothers, Adam and Matt.
The Encino Formation is a geologic formation in Mexico.
Heather Blitz (born December 25, 1968) is an American dressage rider.
WMKZ (93.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Monticello, Kentucky, United States.
Being Charlie is a 2015 American drama film directed by Rob Reiner and written by Matt Elisofon and Nick Reiner.
Breuil-Barret is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
The Batasan–San Mateo Road formerly named Constitutional Road, is a 4-lane east-west highway connecting Quezon City and San Mateo, Rizal in the Philippines.
"WNDN (107.9 FM, ""Wind FM"") is a commercial radio station in Chiefland, Florida, broadcasting to the Gainesville-Ocala, Florida area on 107.9 FM."
Efe İnanç (born March 24, 1980 in Üsküdar) is a Turkish footballer who last played for Kocaeli Birlik Spor as attacking midfield position.
Anikó Nagy (born April 1, 1970 in Sajószentpéter) is a former Hungarian team handball player and Olympic medalist.
The Orchard Book of First Greek Myths is a bestselling children's book by Saviour Pirotta, illustrated by Jan Lewis.
The 12th Airlift Flight is an inactive United States Air Force unit. As the 12th Troop Carrier Squadron it served with the 322d Air Division stationed at Dreux-Louvilliers Air Base, France, where it was inactivated on 8 January 1961.
Asa Elliott (born 17 December 1981) is a British actor and singer, best known for his appearances in British sitcom, Benidorm, since 2010 until 2014.
Woodmore High School is a public high school in Elmore, Ohio, United States.
Chucho the Mended (Spanish:Chucho el remendado) is a 1952 Mexican comedy film directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and starring Germán Valdés, Alicia Caro and Perla Aguiar.
Mlačište is a village in the municipality of Crna Trava, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 29 people.
Wendy Stewart (née Thomas; born c. 1952) is a former Ottawa City Councillor and Ottawa-Carleton Regional Councillor.
"The Stinger Meets the Golden Thrush is an album by jazz organist Johnny ""Hammond"" Smith with vocalist Byrdie Green recorded for the Prestige label in 1966."
Selemet is a village in Cimișlia District, Moldova.
Georges-Alain Jones (30 September 1975, Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat, Alpes-Maritimes) is a French singer.
Washington Melodrama is a 1941 American drama film directed by S. Sylvan Simon and starring Frank Morgan, Ann Rutherford, and Kent Taylor.
{{Infobox settlement | type = municipality | official_name = Santa Cristina de Valmadrigal | nickname = | image_flag = Flag of Santa Cristina de Valmadrigal Spain.svg | image_seal = | pushpin_map = Spain | pushpin_map_caption = Location in Spain.
College Prep International located in Montreal is an elementary and secondary level private school.
Getting 'Em Right is a 1925 American silent action film, directed by Jack Harvey.
George Solomon is a former sports editor and columnist at The Washington Post and was the first ombudsman for ESPN.
Polom is a village in the Czech Republic.
The Texas Tenors are a 3-time Emmy Award-winning classical crossover, trio vocal group formed in 2009 by country singer JC Fisher, Broadway singer Marcus Collins and opera singer John Hagen.
Second Half (Norwegian: Andre omgang) is a 2007 Norwegian comedy film directed by Hilde Heier, starring Johannes Joner, Espen Reboli Bjerke and Baard Owe.
The Devil's Saddle Legion is a 1937 American Western film directed by Bobby Connolly and written by Ed Earl Repp.
Chenoweth Airpark is a private airport located 3 miles west of The Dalles in Wasco County, Oregon, USA.
""" Put Your Hand in Mine "" is a song written by Skip Ewing and Jimmy Wayne (under his birth name, Jimmy Wayne Barber), and recorded by American country music singer Tracy Byrd."
Petaw Payan, is a developing village in the Nowshera District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
Bellarmine-Jefferson High School was a private, Roman Catholic high school in Burbank, California.
Dino Buzzati-Traverso (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdiːno budˈdzaːti]; 14 October 1906 – 28 January 1972) was an Italian novelist, short story writer, painter and poet, as well as a journalist for Corriere della Sera.
Noel Tierney (born 2 February 1942 in Milltown, County Galway) is an Irish former Gaelic Football Player and Sportsperson.
Kand-e Bon () is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 13 families.
Tatiana Stefanidou (Greek: Τατιάνα Στεφανίδου; born April 18, 1970 in Athens) is a Greek television host and former journalist on Greek television.
The Order of Bravery () is a Bulgarian order during the Kingdom of Bulgaria and the Republic of Bulgaria.
Connexity (formally Connexity Inc.) is a privately held Los Angeles operator of shopping web sites, including Shopzilla.com.
Flying Heroes is a fantasy action game produced by Take 2 Interactive, Illusion Softworks, and Pterodon. Flying Heroes is an arena based shooter game that takes place on various flying creatures.
Naked as Nature Intended (released in the United States under the title As Nature Intended) is a 1961 British nudist film produced and directed by George Harrison Marks and starring Pamela Green.
Frédéric Demontfaucon (born 24 December 1973 in Le Creusot, Saône-et-Loire) is a judoka from France.
Sir William Clarke (died 1666) was an English politician. Born about 1623 in London of obscure parentage, he was admitted as a student to Inner Temple in 1645 and called to the bar in 1653.
Victor Tourjansky (born Viatcheslav Tourjansky; 4 March 1891, Kiev – 13 August 1976, (Munich) (Russian: Вячеслав Туржанский; Ukrainian: В'ячеслав Туржанський)) was a Russian actor, screenwriter and film director who emigrated after the Russian Revolution of 1917.
The B-52's is the debut album by the Athens, Georgia-based new wave band the B-52's.
The Deer Park is a Hollywood novel written by Norman Mailer and published in 1955 by G.P.
"The winner of the competition ""Monument"", The project of the monuments to the first president of Russia Boris Yeltsin., Dmitry Kawarga (Russian: Дмитрий Викторович Каварга) born in Moscow, Russia is a Russian artist."
JT is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter James Taylor, and his first album for Columbia Records.
Saroj Pandey (born 22 June 1968) is an Indian politician and a member of the Rajya Sabha, upper house of the Indian Parliament.
Massenya Airport () is a public use airport located near Massenya, Chari-Baguirmi, Chad.
Pacheco Pass, elevation 1,368 ft (417 m), is a low mountain pass located in the Diablo Range in southeastern Santa Clara County, California.
Adriaen Brouwer (c. 1605, in Oudenaarde – January 1638, in Antwerp) was a Flemish painter active in Flanders and the Dutch Republic in the first half of the 17th century.
White Music is the fourth studio album by American rock band Crack the Sky, released on LP in 1980 (see 1980 in music) by Lifesong Records (catalog #LS 8028).
Qaleh-ye Rahim (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Raḩīm and Qal‘eh Raḩīm) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
The Blade Artist is a 2016 novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh.
Wakin on a Pretty Daze is the fifth studio album by American indie rock musician Kurt Vile, released on April 9, 2013 on Matador Records.
The Ames Brothers were a singing quartet from Malden, Massachusetts, who were particularly famous in the 1950s for their traditional pop music hits.
WKAR is a National Public Radio member station in East Lansing, Michigan, United States; broadcasting at 870 kHz.
WYND (1310 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to DeLand, Florida, United States, the station serves the Daytona Beach area.
Dirty Little Rabbits was an American alternative rock band formed in 2007 in Johnston, Iowa. They are often referred to as a side project of Shawn Crahan, a member and founder of heavy metal band Slipknot.
The Anne Beadell Highway is an outback unsealed track linking Coober Pedy, South Australia, and Laverton, Western Australia, a total distance of 1,325 km (823 mi).
As coach: Darrell Walker (born March 9, 1961) is an American professional basketball coach and retired player.
Minuiyeh (, also Romanized as Mīnū’īyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
Reynolds Securities was a publicly traded brokerage firm. Founded in 1931 by Richard S. Reynolds, Jr., the firm merged with Dean Witter & Co. to form Dean Witter Reynolds Organization Inc. in 1978, which was then the biggest merger in the history of Wall Street.
Garaj Mahal is a jazz fusion band formed in 2000 that combines jazz, rock, Indian music, and funk. The band consists of Fareed Haque (guitar), Kai Eckhardt (bass), Sean Rickman (drums), and Eric Levy (keyboards).
Shahrak-e Dasht Akbar (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Dasht Ākbar) is a village in Nahr-e Anbar Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.
The Money Trap is a 1965 crime drama film directed by Burt Kennedy, written by Walter Bernstein based on the novel of the same name by Lionel White, and starring Glenn Ford, Elke Sommer and Rita Hayworth.
Fay Morgan Taylor (June 25, 1909 & ndash; Sept 19, 1990) was an American Modernist artist. Untitled, 1952 Born in Pittsburgh in 1909.
Kristina Elez (born 22 May 1987 as Kristina Franić) is a Croatian handball player and a member of the Croatian national team.
"Baltic State Technical University "" Voenmeh "" D.F. Ustinov (; abbreviated BGTU) is a Russian technical university situated in Saint Petersburg."
Warbelow's Air Ventures is an American regional airline based in Fairbanks, Alaska, USA.
Klaus Traube (25 February 1928 – 4 September 2016) was a German engineer and former manager in the German nuclear power industry and one of its leading opponents.
Louis Ide (born 3 July 1973 in Roeselare) is a Belgian physician and politician affiliated to the N-VA. Ide was Vice President of N-VA from 2004 until 2007.
Doom is a 1993 first-person shooter (FPS) game developed by id Software for MS-DOS.
Edward the Seventh is a 1975 British television drama series, made by ATV in 13 episodes.
Happy Bhag Jayegi () is a 2016 Indian, Hindi-language, romantic comedy film that was written and directed by Mudassar Aziz, and produced by Aanand L. Rai and Krishika Lulla.
Mörigen is a municipality in the Biel/Bienne administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Flying Disc Man from Mars is a 1950 Republic Pictures 12-chapter black-and-white science fiction adventure film serial, produced by Franklin Adreon, directed by Fred C. Brannon, that stars Walter Reed, Lois Collier, Gregory Gaye, James Craven, Harry Lauter, and Richard Irving.
Walt Ader (December 15, 1913 in Long Valley, New Jersey – November 25, 1982 in Califon, New Jersey) was an American racecar driver.
Badolatosa is a city located in the province of Seville, Spain. According to the 2005 census (INE), the city has a population of 3198 inhabitants.
Seduce Me (Slovene: Zapelji me) is a 2013 Slovenian drama film written and directed by Marko Šantić.
Charles de Dompierre d'Hornoy (24 February 1816, Hornoy-le-Bourg – 21 March 1901, Paris) was a French admiral, politician and naval minister.
Palmowo [palˈmɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Mannathu Padmanabha Pillai (2 January 1878 – 25 February 1970) was an Indian social reformer and freedom fighter from the south-western state of Kerala.
Phoenix Legend () is a Chinese popular music duo, consisting of female vocalist Yangwei Linghua () and male rapper Zeng Yi ().
Cái Răng is an urban district of Cần Thơ in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam. Cái Răng District was established by Decree No.
Robert Danneberg (23 July 1882, in Vienna – approx 12 December 1942, in Auschwitz) was an Austrian Jewish politician, a member of the Social Democratic Workers Party of Austria (SDAPÖ) and a prominent Austro-Marxist theoretician.
James McHenry (December 20, 1785 – July 21, 1845) was an American writer, physician, and diplomat. He was born at Larne, Ireland and was educated in Dublin and Glasgow, In 1817 he emigrated to the United States and took up residence in Philadelphia, where he practised medicine.
My Worlds Acoustic is the first remix album by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber.
VanderCook College of Music is a private music college in Chicago, Illinois.
Bangerz is the fourth studio album by American singer Miley Cyrus.
Megu Fujigamori (藤ヶ森 めぐ, Fujigamori Megu, born September 17, 1988) is a Japanese cabaret hostess, and fashion model best known for appearing in the Koakuma Ageha cabaret-gyaru fashion magazine.
Bayswater Secondary College is a state secondary college located in the suburb of Bayswater in eastern Melbourne, Australia.
Tommy heavenly6 is Japanese artist, Tomoko Kawase's third solo studio album, and debut studio album under the name Tommy heavenly6.
Stefan Faldbakken (born 13 January 1972) is a Norwegian film director and screenwriter.
USCGC Polar Sea (WAGB-11) is a United States Coast Guard heavy icebreaker.
The Pigs (from the UK, not the Australian country-folk music band) are a Bristol-based punk rock band formed in 1977.
The Loves of Pharaoh (, aka The Wife of the Pharaoh) is a 1922 German historical epic film directed by Ernst Lubitsch.
Samuel Adams Wisner (born August 14, 1987) is an American rapper, singer and songwriter. Sammy Adams was born as Samuel Adams Wisner on August 14, 1987 in Cambridge, Massachusetts to Kata Hull and Chuck Wisner.
The Gregory School is an independent, private, non-sectarian, coed middle and high school in Tucson, Arizona, United States.
Greenbrier Academy for Girls (GBA) is a therapeutic, college preparatory boarding school in Pence Springs, West Virginia for grades 9-12.
The Freeman is a daily newspaper published in Cebu, Philippines, by the Philippine Star.
Vrljaj (Cyrillic: Врљај) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Needhiyin Nizhal (Shadow of justice) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film, directed by Bharathi-Vasu and produced by Santhi Narayanasamy. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Radha, Prabhu and M.
Yekaterinogradskaya () is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Prokhladnensky District of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia, located near the confluence of the Malka and Terek Rivers.
Poet Lore is an English-language literary magazine based in Bethesda, Maryland.
Alyona Ryabova (born ) is a retired Kazakhstani female volleyball player.
Saanand Verma is an Indian film and television actor.
Religion in River Side (2019) Chapeltique is a municipality in the San Miguel department of El Salvador.
The New York Blade was a free weekly newspaper focusing on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) issues in New York City, New York.
Simple Sis is a 1927 American silent comedy-melodrama directed by Herman C. Raymaker and starring Louise Fazenda as a poor, plain laundress hoping for romance, supported by Clyde Cook as a shy suitor and Myrna Loy as a cruel beauty.
Ferit Hoxha (born 22 February 1967 in Koplik, Albania) was the Permanent Representative of Albania to the United Nations, in New York, from 2009 through 2015.
Army Life; or, How Soldiers Are Made: Mounted Infantry is a 1900 British short black-and-white silent propaganda actuality film, directed by Robert W. Paul, featuring the King's Own Royal Lancaster Regiment riding over a plain.
Wassy (French pronunciation: ​[vasi]), formerly known as Wassy-sur-Blaise, is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Halet Çambel (27 August 1916 & ndash; 12 January 2014) was a Turkish archaeologist and Olympic fencer.
By Design is a 1982 Canadian comedy-drama film directed by Claude Jutra and starring Sara Botsford and Patty Duke.
Inside Out is an album by American jazz trumpeter Eddie Henderson recorded in 1973 and released on the Capricorn label.
Live is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage.
Ilusión Nacional () is a 2014 Mexican documentary film by Olallo Rubio about association football in Mexico.
Rothenburgsort () is a quarter () in the Hamburg-Mitte borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany.
Białe-Szczepanowice [ˈbjawɛ ʂt͡ʂɛpanɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
In This Moment is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California, formed by singer Maria Brink and guitarist Chris Howorth in 2005.
The Goner was a psychedelic folk rock band from Sweden. Starting out as a solo project of Daniel Westerlund in 2008, the lineup quickly expanded and over time developed into a six piece live band; playing an eclectic range of instruments including banjo, violin and synths.
Sir Alfred Allen Booth, 1st Baronet (1872–1948) was a British businessman and shipowner.
Cut is a 2000 Australian slasher film directed by Kimble Rendall and starring Kylie Minogue, Molly Ringwald, Jessica Napier, and Tiriel Mora.
Copperpenny was a Canadian rock band from Kitchener, Ontario. They were formed in 1965 by Kenny Hollis and Rich Wamil, and were originally known as the Penny Farthings, to reflect the British Invasion.
Musee Rodin casting The Martyr or The Little Martyr is a c.1885 plaster sculpture of a naked dead or sleeping female figure by Auguste Rodin, now in the Musee Rodin.
Skardu Airport (IATA: KDU, ICAO: OPSD) is a domestic civil airport in Skardu, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.
Hervé Hasquin (born 31 December 1942, Charleroi) is a Belgian university professor (ULB), historian and politician.
Raised Fist is a Swedish hardcore punk band formed in 1993 in Luleå. It currently consists of guitarists Jimmy Tikkanen and Daniel Holmgren, bassist Andreas Johansson, vocalist Alexander Hagman and drummer Robert Wiiand.
WGNS is a radio station based in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, United States.
Gigapus is the tenth studio album by the Australian electronic music group Severed Heads.
Božidar Senčar (1927–1987) was a Croatian football midfielder who started playing for his hometown club Dinamo Zagreb in Yugoslav First League in 1946.
Peter Nero (born Bernard Nierow, May 22, 1934) is an American pianist and pops conductor. He directed the Philly Pops from 1979 to 2013, and has earned two Grammy Award s.
James E. Tolman (November 8, 1867 – February 21, 1956) was an American lawyer, and politician who served as the mayor of Gloucester, Massachusetts and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Chamberet is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.
Hello Madras Girl is a 1983 Malayalam-language Indian feature film, directed by J. The film also stars Mohanlal in an important role.
The Hypnotist (Spanish:El hipnotizador) is a 1940 Mexican comedy mystery film directed by Antonio Helú and starring Carmen Hermosillo and Carlos López Moctezuma.
After the company parted ways with Apple in October 1989, Quantum changed the service's name to America Online.
Tomás de Mattos Hernández (October 14, 1947 – March 21, 2016) was a Uruguayan writer and librarian.
WHDZ (101.5 FM) is a community radio station broadcasting a variety format. Licensed to Buxton, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Radio Hatteras, Inc.
William A. Starke Memorial is a public art work by American artist Robert Ingersoll Aitken, located in the Forest Home Cemetery on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
"""Me and the Devil Blues"" is a blues song by Robert Johnson."
Deborah Paredez (born December 19, 1970) is an American poet, scholar, and cultural critic.
Idylls is the debut album of ethereal wave band Love Spirals Downwards.
Padmanabha Krishnagopala Iyengar (29 June 1931 – 21 December 2011; best known as P. K. Iyengar), was an Indian nuclear physicist who is widely known for his central role in the development of the nuclear program of India.
Fast Company is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.
Gorduno is a former municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Helmut Rix (4 July 1926, in Amberg – 3 December 2004, in Colmar) was a German linguist and professor of the Sprachwissenschaftliches Seminar of Albert-Ludwigs-Universität, Freiburg, Germany.
Rangoon Radha () is a Tamil film directed by A.
Hradešice is a village and municipality (obec) in Klatovy District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.
Rodney Dent (born December 25, 1970) is an American former professional basketball player.
Albin Małysiak C.M. (12 June 1917 – 16 July 2011) was a Polish bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
The River Ure is a river in North Yorkshire, England, approximately 74 miles (119 km) long from its source to the point where it changes name to the River Ouse.
The Dzhulfa Formation is a geologic formation in Armenia.
Atandwa Kani (born June 6, 1984) is a South African actor, and the son of South African veteran actor John Kani. Kani was born in Port Elizabeth, South Africa.
Caboblanco (1980) is an American drama film directed by J.
A Very Merry Daughter of the Bride is a 2008 television film directed by Leslie Hope and starring Joanna García and Luke Perry.
"Eduard Butenko (Russian: Эдуард Валентинович Бутенко, February 17, 1941 – September 2, 2006) - Russian actor, theatre director, teacher, theatre theoretic On 1959 Eduard Butenko began his theatre career as an actor in ""Kiev Russian Drama Theatre"" when he was 18."
In January 1926, with the completion of the Disney studio on Hyperion Street, the Disney Brothers Studio's name was changed to the Walt Disney Studio. After the demise of the Alice comedies, Disney developed an all-cartoon series starring a character named Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.
James Paine (1717–1789) was an English architect.
Amy Linnéa Deasismont (born 15 April 1992), previously known under the stage name Amy Diamond, is a Swedish singer, actress, and television presenter.
The Railroad Man () is a 1956 Italian drama film directed by Pietro Germi.
The T.S. Eliot Appreciation Society is an indie folk band from the Netherlands, founded by singer-songwriter Tom Gerritsen in 2011.
George Cole (born October 10, 1960) is an American music producer, composer, lyricist, vocalist, session musician, and guitarist. He fronts his own Gypsy jazz/Uptown Swing band and since early 2014 has been the guitarist for the David Grisman Quintet.
"WCEM-FM (106.3 FM, ""Chesapeake Country"") is a radio station playing a country hits music format. It broadcasts from Cambridge, Maryland."
Letitia Michelle Wright (born 1993/1994) is a Guyanese-English actress.
Eugene Louis Faccuito (March 20, 1925 – April 7, 2015), known professionally as Luigi, was an American jazz dancer, choreographer, teacher, and innovator who created the jazz exercise technique.
Dangerous Guests (German: Gefährliche Gäste) is a 1949 West German comedy film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Wolf Albach-Retty, Vera Molnar and Paul Kemp.
Bala Bəhmənli (also, Bala Begmenli and Bala-Bekhmanli) is a village and municipality in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Velum Mayilum Thunai (transl. The spear and peacock support) is a 1979 Tamil-language Hindu devotional film directed and written by Ra. Sankaran with dialogue by Rajasekaran.
The Yalova Peninsula massacres were a series of massacres and ethnic cleansings during 1920–1921, the majority of which occurred during March – May 1921.
The Witch of Portobello (Portuguese: A Bruxa de Portobello) is a fiction work by Brazilian writer Paulo Coelho published in 2006, about a woman born in Transylvania to a Romani mother in a gypsy tribe without wedlock.
The Dream of Water (in Persian : Khab-e Ab) is a 2016 Iranian drama film directed by Farhad Mehranfar.
Jackfish Lake is a large body of shallow water in central Saskatchewan, Canada.
You Can't Fight Fashion is the final major-label album by the rock band Michael Stanley Band.
Joy Mech Fight (ジョイメカファイト, Joi Meka Faito), sometimes called Joy Mecha Fight, is a fighting game developed and published by Nintendo for the Family Computer, released only in Japan on May 21, 1993.
Vipin Buckshey is an Indian optometrist and the official optometrist to the President of India.
Ghriss Airport is a civilian airport in Mascara Province, Algeria, located southwest of the town of Ghriss, Algeria.
The Young Women's Leadership School of East Harlem (TYWLS) is a public all-girls school in East Harlem, Manhattan, New York City.
Jet Pocket (formally known as Air PLUM) was a French aircraft manufacturer based in Chantelle, Allier and later in Fourilles. It was founded by Phillippe Jeorgeaguet, who was world paramotor champion in 1999 and 2000.
The Champagne Murders () is a 1967 French suspense thriller mystery film directed by Claude Chabrol and starring Anthony Perkins.
Pim van Lommel (born 15 March 1943) is a Dutch author and researcher in the field of near-death studies. He studied medicine at Utrecht University, specializing in cardiology.
Fletcher Markle (March 27, 1921 – May 23, 1991) was a Canadian actor, screenwriter, television producer and director.
Nir Jacob Kaplan (Hebrew: ניר יעקוב קפלן‎; born 8 August 1989) is an Israeli actor, entertainer and a Radio Presenter.
Luca Cattapane was an Italian painter active during the late 16th century in Cremona.
Marguerite Gourdan, née Marguerite Alexandrine Ernestine Stock (c. 1730 Béziers - 28 September 1783 in Paris) was a French brothel owner and procurer in 18th-century Paris.
Dream Girl is a 1977 Indian Hindi film, directed by Pramod Chakravorty.
View of UPO campus Pablo de Olavide University (Universidad Pablo de Olavide (UPO) in Spanish) is a public university in Seville, Spain.
Poor Man's Pudding (French: Pudding chômeur) is a Canadian satirical comedy film, released in 1996. It was the final theatrical film directed by Gilles Carle.
Nour El-Afandi () (born 10 January 1993) is an Egyptian synchronized swimmer.
A People's History of American Empire is a 2008 graphic history by Howard Zinn, Mike Konopacki, and Paul Buhle.
Aşağı Ağasıbəyli (also, Agasy-Begly, Ashagy Agasibeyli, and Ashagy-Begly) is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 442.
John Ridley Mitchell (September 26, 1877 – February 26, 1962) was an American politician and a U.S. Representative from Tennessee. Born in Livingston, Tennessee, Mitchell was the son of Isiah Winburn and Sophrona Winton Mitchell.
Penelope Plummer (October 26, 1949, Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian actress, model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss World 1968.
Wanhatti is a village and resort in Suriname, located in the Marowijne district on the Cottica River.
Turtle Lake is a direct English translation of Kus Tba (), a small lake at the outskirts of Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia, so named due to the perceived abundance of turtles living in these places.
Ashikaga Institute of Technology (足利工業大学, Ashikaga kōgyō daigaku) is a private university in Ashikaga, Tochigi, Japan, established in 1967.
Šarūnas Sauka (born 1958 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a postmodern painter. In 1989, he was awarded the Lithuanian National Prize.
The God of the Hive is a 2010 mystery novel by American author Laurie R. King.
John Tobias (born August 24, 1969 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American comic book artist, graphic designer, video game designer and writer.
Cuinchy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Robert Mizrachi (born November 24, 1978 in Sunny Isles Beach, Florida) is an American professional poker player.
Morupule Power Station is a coal-fired power station near Palapye, Botswana.
Jesús Romero Martín (born 12 September 1984 in Málaga, Andalusia) is a wheelchair basketball player from Spain.
Michael John Hunt is an English figurative painter and etcher. Born in England 1941, Hunt is entirely self-taught.
Lypyna (Ukrainian: Липина) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.
Flying Turns is a wooden bobsled roller coaster at the Knoebels Amusement Resort in Elysburg, Pennsylvania.
REDIRECT Sirpur#Chhattisgarh, India.
Fertility () is a 1929 German silent film directed by Eberhard Frowein.
Bloemendhal is a suburb in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Ram Pal Rajwanshi () is an Indian politician and a member of the 16th Legislative Assembly in India.
Atarib (Arabic: أتارب‎) is a town in western Aleppo countryside, Aleppo Governorate, Syria.
Armando Discépolo (1887-1971) was an Argentine playwright.
Embodiment 12:14 were an Australia Christian metal band formed in Adelaide, as Embodiment in 1992, initially they performed death metal.
The Daily Camera is a newspaper in Boulder, Colorado, United States.
Henry Richard Farquharson (1857 – 19 April 1895) was an English landowner and Conservative politician. Farquharson was born at Brighton and became the owner of a large estate at Eastbury House, Tarrant Gunville (near Blandford Forum in Dorset).
The Metros were an English five-piece indie/punk band from Peckham, South London. Founded by vocalist Saul Adamczewski and lead guitarist Jak Payne, the band was formed while most of the members were still at school.
Coca Cola Airport is a private airport located south of the central business district of Corvallis in Benton County, Oregon, United States.
Centerville Municipal Airport (ICAO: KTVK, FAA LID: TVK) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Centerville, a city in Appanoose County, Iowa, United States.
With Love is Bobby Vinton's twenty-fourth and final studio album for Epic Records and his twenty-fifth album altogether.
"Two Fates (Dve Sudby) is a poem by Apollon Maykov, first published in 1845 in Saint Petersburg, as a separate edition, under the title "" Two Fates."
is a rapper from Germany of Japanese descent, known as Blumio.
Video Archives was a video rental store located in Manhattan Beach, California and later moved to Hermosa Beach, California, owned and managed by Lance Lawson and Rick Humbert.
Beyond the Search is a documentary project developed and produced by Jared Madden, directed by Kyle Portbury and executive produced by John Gate and Neale Schofield.
Kicking & Screaming is a 2005 American sports comedy film directed by Jesse Dylan and written by Leo Benvenuti and Steve Rudnick.
John Augustin Daly (July 20, 1838 – June 7, 1899) was one of the most influential men in American theatre during his lifetime. Drama critic, theatre manager, playwright, and adapter, he became the first recognized stage director in America.
Gianluca Petrella and Kresten Osgood in Aarhus, Denmark Gianluca Petrella is an Italian jazz trombonist. Thomas Conrad Umbria Jazz '08 JazzTimes, 08/05/08 In 2001 he won Italy's Django d'Or Award as well as Musica Jazz's annual critics poll as Best Young Talent.
Ivica Zubac (Croatian: [iʋit͡sa zubat͡s]; born 18 March 1997) is a Croatian professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Beyond the Black Rainbow is a 2010 Canadian science fiction horror film written and directed by Panos Cosmatos in his feature film debut, starring Michael Rogers.
Havré Castle (French: Château d'Havré) is a ruined castle in the village of Havré in the town of Mons, province of Hainaut, Belgium.
"The Banks of the Drac, also known as "" Nero's Helmet "" , after the rock formation (date unknown) Jacques Gay (born in Voreppe, Isère on 22 February 1851, and died in Grenoble on 6 May 1925) was a French painter."
Mojtaba Zonnour (Persian: مجتبی ذوالنور‎; also spelled Zolnour) is an Iranian Shi'a cleric and conservative politician who, as of 28 July 2016[update], represents Qom in the Iranian Parliament.
La Opinión is a Spanish-language news outlet, that publishes a website and a daily newspaper based in Los Angeles, California, US.
Kladušnica is a village in the municipality of Kladovo, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 727 people.
Dasanal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
The Acme Sportsman was a two-seat parasol wing sportsplane built in the United States in 1928 by Acme Aircraft Corporation, a company from Rockford, Illinois.
A Moveable Feast is a memoir by American author Ernest Hemingway about his years as a struggling young expat journalist and writer in Paris in the 1920s.
Tolombeh-ye Kheyri (, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Kheyrī) is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.
Everything Happens to Me is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Max Miller, Chili Bouchier and H.F. Maltby.
Peter Symonds College is a sixth form college in Winchester, Hampshire, in the south of England.
Madō Monogatari I[a] is a role-playing video game for the Mega Drive that was the last official Sega Mega Drive game released in Japan.
960 after the attack The Yagur Junction bombing was a suicide bombing which occurred on April 10, 2002 on an Egged commuter bus line number 960 which was passing through Yagur Junction in northern Israel.
KS Heko Czermno is a Polish football club based in Czermno, Poland. Its current coach is Jarosław Smołuch.
Williamsport Regional Airport (IATA: IPT, ICAO: KIPT, FAA LID: IPT) serves Williamsport, Pennsylvania, and the surrounding area with a population of about 200,000.
Naked Childhood (French: L'enfance nue) is a 1968 French film. It was the feature-length debut of director Maurice Pialat, and was written by Pialat and Arlette Langmann.
Geum Bo-ra (born Son Mi-ja on February 21, 1961) is a South Korean actress.
Countess Anna Maria d'Udekem d'Acoz (born Anna Maria Komorowska on 24 September 1946) is a Belgian noblewoman and the mother of Queen Mathilde of Belgium.
The Independent Girls' Schools Sporting Association (commonly known as IGSSA), was established in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, in 1922 with five founding members, all of them independent Protestant girls' schools.
City of Thieves is a 2008 historical fiction novel by David Benioff.
Charmed Life is a children's fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones published by Macmillan Children's Books in 1977.
Dillinger Is Dead () is a 1969 Italian drama directed by Marco Ferreri. It stars Michel Piccoli, Anita Pallenberg and Annie Girardot.
"""Kiss from a Rose"" is a song from Seal's second eponymous album. The song was first released as a single in July 1994."
Manifest Destiny is a studio album by jazz fusion group Brand X.
"The company changed its name several times, first being known as ""Heinrich Wild, Werkstätte für Feinmechanik und Optik"", then ""Verkaufs-Aktiengesellschaft Heinrich Wild's Geodätische Instrumente"", later ""Wild Heerbrugg AG"", later ""Wild-Leitz""."
Morozeni is a commune in Orhei District, Moldova.
"Ferraj ( "" thorn "" in Albanian) is a village in the former municipality of Dajt in Tirana County, Albania."
Bridge of Clay is a 2018 novel by Australian author Markus Zusak.
Cee Lo's Magic Moment is the first Christmas studio album and overall fourth studio album released by American recording artist Cee Lo Green on October 29, 2012 in the United Kingdom.
Graham Fitzpatrick is a Scottish Film director and Screenwriter.
Laura Norton (born 19 June 1983) is an English actress from Newcastle upon Tyne best known for her role in ITV's Yorkshire based soap opera, Emmerdale as Kerry Wyatt.
A Cocksucking Cowboy (also known as a Cowboy and Butterball) is a layered shooter made from one part cold Butterscotch Schnapps with two parts of Baileys Irish Cream, making it 32 proof (16% ABV).
A Lesson in the Abuse of Information Technology is the first studio album by American punk rock band The Menzingers.
James Bowdoin II (/ˈboʊdɪn/; August 7, 1726 – November 6, 1790) was an American political and intellectual leader from Boston, Massachusetts, during the American Revolution and the following decade.
The Los Blanquitos Formation is a geological formation in Salta Province, Argentina whose strata date back to the Campanian.
Pablo Isla Álvarez de Tejera (born 22 January 1964) is a Spanish businessman and a State lawyer. He is the current chairman and CEO of Inditex, a large Spanish corporation and the world's largest fashion group.
100 Horsemen (, , , also known as Son of El Cid) is a 1964 Italian-Spanish-German historical-adventure film directed by Vittorio Cottafavi.
Grace Hightower De Niro (born April 7, 1955) is an American philanthropist, socialite, actress, and singer. She married Robert De Niro in 1997, and they separated in 2018.
Tulips of Haarlem () is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Franco Brusati.
Dębowiczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Częstocice [t͡ʂɛ̃stɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
is a private junior college, located in the city of Iwaki, Fukushima, Japan. It changed its name to Iwaki Junior College in 1972.
Darley Ramon Torres (born 15 December 1989 in Pedro Leopoldo), commonly known as Darley, is a Brazilian footballer.
Jared Hegwood is a Pushcart Prize nominated Mississippi author who studied with the Barthelme brothers at the Center for Writers at the University of Southern Mississippi.
Joseph Caron (March 9, 1868 – July 28, 1954) was a Quebec merchant and political figure.
"Melora a la Basilica is a 1000 unit collector's edition live recording made by chamber-rock trio Rasputina in Basilica Industria in Hudson, NY, ""a behemoth of a defunct glue factory""."
Chrome, Smoke & BBQ is a box set by American blues-rock band ZZ Top, released in 2003.
A Dark-Adapted Eye (1986) is a psychological thriller novel by Ruth Rendell, written under the nom-de-plume Barbara Vine.
The Score is the second and final studio album by the hip hop trio Fugees.
Peligro (English: Danger) is the second studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira, released on 25 March 1993, by Sony Music Colombia.
Wings for My Flight: The Peregrine Falcons of Chimney Rock is a 1991 book by American wildlife biologist Marcy Cottrell Houle.
Kinmel Bay () is a seaside town in Conwy County Borough, north-east Wales.
Anji is a 2004 Indian Telugu-language fantasy action film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna and Cinematography by Chota K. Naidu and he received Nandi Awardfor best Cinematography.
Brentwood Secondary College is a co-educational, public high school, located in Glen Waverley, Victoria, Australia.
The Original Dixie Hick is an EP released by country music parodist Cledus T. Judd in late 2003.
Igor Tratnik (born June 14, 1989) is a Slovenian professional basketball player.
Projections is a 2013 Croatian drama film directed by Zrinko Ogresta.
"Pittsburgh Panthers men's soccer is the NCAA Division I intercollegiate men's soccer (association football) team of the University of Pittsburgh, often referred to as "" Pitt "" , located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."
Battle Mountain High School is a secondary school in Eagle County, Colorado, United States.
Mix Me a Person is a 1962 British crime drama film directed by Leslie Norman, starring Anne Baxter, Donald Sinden, Adam Faith, Walter Brown and Carole Ann Ford.
PFLAG China (同性恋亲友会 in Chinese), founded in Guangzhou on June 28, 2008, is an NGO formed by LGBT individuals, their parents, friends and supporters to serve and support LGBT people.
Ian Clarkson was born in Solihull, West Midlands.
Fun Size (known as Half Pint in some countries) is a 2012 American teen comedy film written by Max Werner and directed by Josh Schwartz.
The lifespan of kangaroos averages at six years in the wild to in excess of 20 years in captivity, varying by species.
Anna Kozak (Belarusian: Ганна Казак; born 22 June 1974) is a Belarusian sprinter.
Yekleh () is a village in Jeyhun Dasht Rural District, Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.
Audrey McElmury (born Audrey Phleger, January 24, 1943 in Northampton, Massachusetts – March 26, 2013 in Bozeman, Montana) was the first American cyclist to win the Road World Championship.
The Thief of Bagdad is a 1940 Technicolor Arabian fantasy film, produced by Alexander Korda and directed by Michael Powell, Ludwig Berger and Tim Whelan, with additional contributions by William Cameron Menzies and Korda brothers Vincent and Zoltán.
Five Dials is a digital literary magazine published from London by Hamish Hamilton, an imprint of Penguin Books.
Mkhitar Manukyan (Armenian: Մխիթար Մանուկյան, born 20 September 1973) is a retired Armenian-Kazakh Greco-Roman wrestler.
Javier Calvo Guirao (born January 21, 1991) is a Spanish actor, stage director, and film director.
Camila Gómez (born (1995-07-06)6 July 1995) is a Colombian female volleyball player.
Settai (English: Mischief) is a 2013 Indian Tamil-language black comedy film directed by R.
Jorge Eduardo Márquez (born 1 March 1990), known as Jorge, is a Mexican footballer who plays for Puebla F.C. in Mexico, mainly as a Striker.
The Faculté Libre de Médecines Naturelles et d'Ethnomédecine (FLMNE) is a professional training organization, based in Paris (France) founded by Jean-Pierre Willem in 1987.
Adriana Maliponte (born Brescia, 26 December 1938) is an Italian operatic soprano.
Pandulf of Pisa was a twelfth-century Italian Cardinal, and biographer of several contemporary popes; these biographies belonged to the Liber Pontificalis. He was nephew of Hugo of Alatri.
The Keefer Sandstone is a geologic formation in West Virginia.
Ulysses Bloodstone is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Make a Scene is the fourth studio album by English singer and songwriter Sophie Ellis-Bextor, released in Russia on 18 April 2011 by Universal Music Group and in the United Kingdom on 13 June 2011 by Ellis-Bextor's own record label, EBGB's.
Eva Nová is a 2015 Slovak drama film directed by Marko Škop.
Lalith Gamage , MBCS, MIEE is a Sri Lankan academic.
St. Patrick's Catholic High School, frequently called St. Pat's, is a Catholic secondary school located in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.
Apisa Air Cargo (ICAO: PIC) was a cargo/freight airline based in Peru that began operations in 1985 and ceased flying in 1997.
Willem Breuker (4 November 1944 – 23 July 2010) was a Dutch jazz bandleader, composer, arranger, saxophonist, and (bass) clarinetist.
Alexandre Julliard (born 1970) is a computer programmer who is best known as the project leader for Wine, a compatibility layer to run Microsoft Windows programs on Unix-like operating systems.
Naoum Aronson (1872–1943) was a sculptor who lived for most of his life in Paris.
Chawang is a village in Mangan subdivision, North Sikkim district, Sikkim, India.
Jan Močnik (born 27 March 1987) is a Slovenian professional basketball player.
Édouard Molinaro (13 May 1928 – 7 December 2013) was a French film director and screenwriter.
March Fires is the fourth studio album by Western Australian alternative rock band Birds of Tokyo.
The Secret Garden is a lost 1919 American drama silent film directed by Gustav von Seyffertitz and written by Frances Hodgson Burnett and Marion Fairfax.
İskender kebap is one of the most well-known dishes of northwestern Turkey.
The 26th Punjabis were an infantry regiment of the British Indian Army. It was raised in 1857, as the 18th Regiment of Punjab Infantry.
Roy Cisneros (February 6, 1949 - September 11, 1968) was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross and the Texas Legislative Medal of Honor for his actions during battle in the Vietnam War.
"Henri Baumgartner (1929–1992), known professionally as Lousson Reinhardt, was a French gypsy jazz guitarist and the first son of Django Reinhardt by his first wife, Florine ""Bella"" Mayer."
Daniel Jansen Van Doorn (born ) is a Canadian male volleyball player. He is a member of the Canada men's national volleyball team and French club Tours VB, a gold medallist at the 2015 Men's NORCECA Volleyball Championship, and a competitor at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Phetchaburi (Thai: เพชรบุรี, pronounced [pʰét.t͡ɕʰā.bū.rīː]) or Phet Buri (pronounced [pʰét bū.rīː]) is a town (thesaban mueang) in southern Thailand, capital of Phetchaburi Province.
Gutur Gu is a silent comedy broadcast on the Indian satellite television channel SAB TV, produced by B. P. Singh and directed by Prabal Barua.
"Ydin (which means ""nuclear, nucleus, core, crux"", and other things in Finnish) is a bi-monthly political magazine published in Helsinki, Finland."
Mr. A–Z is the second studio album by the American singer-songwriter Jason Mraz, released on July 26, 2005.
Syeda Bilgrami Imam is an Indian writer and film-maker.
The Lorong Boys are a Singaporean instrumental band, consisting of flautist Rit Xu, pianist-guitarist Jonathan Shin, violinists Gabriel Lee and David Loke and percussionist Joachim Lim.
The Civil Movement (Hungarian: Civil Mozgalom), abbreviated to CM, is a centre-right political party in Hungary, led by Mária Seres.
Georg C. F. Greve (born 10 March 1973 in Helgoland, Germany) is a software developer, physicist, author and currently co-founder and president at Vereign.
Nigel Sinclair, CBE is a Scottish producer of Hollywood films. Sinclair was born on 31 March 1948 in Corbridge, Northumberland, England.
Jo Yi-jin (born Jo Bo-hyun on December 26, 1982) is a South Korean actress.
Vanderlei Mascarenhas dos Santos or simply Vanderlei (born October 19, 1982) is a Brazilian footballer.
Seaside Heliport (FAA LID: OR63) is a private heliport located 1 mile north of Seaside in Clatsop County, Oregon, USA.
Jacques d'Estournelles de Constant was a sailor from France, who represented his country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Meulan, France.
Cornelius Carr (born John Thomas Carr; 9 April 1969) is a British former professional boxer.
Leonard Norman Cohen CC GOQ (September 21, 1934 - November 7, 2016) was a Canadian singer, songwriter, poet, and novelist.
Mandıra Filozofu İstanbul () is a 2015 Turkish comedy film. imdb.com Character MustafaaliMüfit Can Saçıntı Halil IbrahimUgur Alibasoglu Human Resources PersonnelMehmet Auf ElizabethZinaida Chistol GulfidanGulnihal Demir OzlemNihan Durukan HilmiAlper Düzen BossBirol Güven.
Rod Boleche Hobe (Bengali: রোদ বলেছে হবে ) is a solo album released by Shayan Chowdhury Arnob in 2010.
Winifred Annie Valentine (1886 & ndash;1968) was a notable New Zealand teacher and educationalist.
The highest peak in the Glarus Alps is the Tödi at 3,614 meters (11,857 ft).
Holly Kenny (born 10 January 1995 in Leeds, England) is a British actress best known for playing Sambuca Kelly in the BBC1 drama Waterloo Road from 2009 until the character was killed off in 2011.
The Renault Centre (or the Renault Distribution Centre) is a high tech building in Swindon commissioned by the French car company Renault for their UK operations.
Ellen ten Damme (born October 7, 1967) is a Dutch actress, performer, singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
California Lawyer was a monthly legal magazine based in San Francisco, California.
Retiendas is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 50 inhabitants.
""" Somebody Wants Me Out of the Way "" is a song written by Dennis Knutson and A.L. "" Doodle "" Owens and recorded by American country music artist George Jones."
Meital Dohan (Hebrew: מיטל דוהן‎; born August 24, 1976) is an Israeli actress.
Criação Velha is a civil parish in the municipality of Madalena on the island of Pico in the Azores. The population in 2011 was 768, in an area of 18.36 km².
Bućovača () is a village in the municipality of Kupres, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Mumbai Mast Kallander (transl. Mumbai's fun calendar) is a 2011 Indian film starring Shilpa Shukla, Tarun Anand and Rajesh Vivek, Produced and Directed byAman Mihani.
Mirko Wolter (born 6 September 1976 in Güstrow, Germany) is a speedway rider who first rode in the United Kingdom, riding with the Sheffield Tigers in the Premier League.
The Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc or Kutla al-Musalaha wa't-Tahrir was an Iraqi political party.
Manuel Strodel (born January 17, 1992 in Buchloe) is a German professional ice hockey player currently playing for EC Bad Neuheim of the DEL2.
WXEL-TV, virtual channel 42 (UHF digital channel 29), is a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member television station serving West Palm Beach, Florida, United States that is licensed to Boynton Beach.
Jason Blaine (born April 19, 1980) is a Canadian country music singer/songwriter from Pembroke, Ontario.
The Last Face is a 2016 American drama film directed by Sean Penn and written by Erin Dignam. The film stars Charlize Theron, Javier Bardem, Adèle Exarchopoulos, and Jean Reno.
Caitlin Thomas (née Macnamara; 8 December 1913 – 31 July 1994) was an author and the wife of the poet and writer Dylan Thomas.
All for Two () is a 2013 Danish action-comedy film directed by Rasmus Heide.
The Golden Lake (1890) is a science fiction adventure novel by Australian author Carlton Dawe.
Aaron Schoenke is an American film and television actor, screenwriter, film director, film editor, film producer, and cinematographer best known for Super Power Beat Down, Ninjak vs. the Valiant Universe and Power Rangers: Legacy Wars: Street Fighter Showdown.
The Authoritarian Personality is a 1950 sociology book by Theodor W. Adorno, Else Frenkel-Brunswik, Daniel Levinson, and Nevitt Sanford, researchers working at the University of California, Berkeley, during and shortly after World War II.
Villeneuve-la-Garenne is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris, France.
Claudia Hürtgen (born 10 September 1971 in Aachen) is a German race driver. Along with Ellen Lohr and Sabine Schmitz, she is one of Germany's best known female racers.
William Conyers Herring (November 15, 1914 – July 23, 2009) was an American physicist.
Edward Robert Muscare (September 27, 1932 – January 8, 2012), also known by his pseudonyms of Edarem and Uncle Ed, was an American television presenter, actor and internet celebrity.
A Simple Case (Russian: Простой случай, Prostoy sloochay) is a 1932 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller.
Jana Plodková (sometimes Jana Plodek; born 5 August 1981, Jičín) is a Czech actress.
JDownloader is a download manager, written in Java, which allows automatic download of groups of files from one-click hosting sites.
Ilan Ben-Dov () (born 16 January 1957 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli businessman and investor.
DeHeng Law Offices is a Beijing-based Chinese law firm ranked the third largest among domestic firms by number of lawyers.
An Ordinary Lunacy (1963) is a novel by Australian writer Jessica Anderson.
Love at Large is a 1990 American romance and mystery film directed by Alan Rudolph and starring Tom Berenger, Elizabeth Perkins and Anne Archer.
Adolph Strauch (b. August 30, 1822 – 1883) was a renowned landscape architect born in Silesia, Prussia, known particularly for his layout designs of cemeteries like Spring Grove Cemetery in Cincinnati, Ohio, Forest Lawn in Buffalo, NY and Oak Woods Cemetery in Chicago, Illinois.
Empire of Dirt is a 2013 Canadian drama film directed by Peter Stebbings.
WDUX (800 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format. Licensed to Waupaca, Wisconsin, United States, the station serves the Wausau-Stevens Point area.
The Hillsborough River Formation is a geologic formation in Prince Edward Island.
Santa Cristina de Valmadrigal is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.
Little Texas is the fourth studio album released in 1997 by the country music group Little Texas.
Health is the fifth studio album by Canadian band The Heavy Blinkers.
Mount Moa () is a mountain rising above at the northern end of the Churchill Mountains in Antarctica.
The Witteberg or Witteberge is a South African mountain range just off the south-west corner of Lesotho.
"JPT Scare Band is an American rock band. It took its name from its members first initials and their ""scary"" acid rock sound."
"""Bück dich"" (German: [ˈbʏk ˌdɪç]; ""Bend down,"" ""Bend over"") is a song by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein that first appeared on their second studio album, Sehnsucht, and as one of the B-sides to the CD version of ""Du hast""."
Karmėlava is a small town in Kaunas County in central Lithuania.
Sok Sovan (Khmer: សុខ សុវណ្ណ born 5 April 1992) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a defender for Phnom Penh Crown and the Cambodia national football team.
The Ministry of National Defence of the Republic of Lithuania () was established in 1990.
Arvind Mayaram is an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer of 1978 batch belonging to Rajasthan cadre.
Personal Shorthand, originally known as Briefhand in the 1950s, is a completely alphabetic shorthand.
55 Mallapura is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
"Bruce Boniface, better known by his surname, Boniface (born 5 June 1981) is a singer-songwriter, vocal arranger and producer best known for his Top 40 hit ""Cheeky"", which peaked at number 25 on the UK Singles Chart."
Idlewild are a Scottish rock band formed in Edinburgh in 1995. The band's line-up consists of Roddy Woomble (lead vocals), Rod Jones (guitar, backing vocals), Colin Newton (drums), Andrew Mitchell (bass), and Luciano Rossi (keyboards).
Imtiaz Ali (born 16 June 1971 in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand) is an Indian film director, producer and writer.
Ballydunmaul is a townland in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Visiting Hours (originally titled The Fright) is a 1982 Canadian slasher film directed by Jean-Claude Lord and starring Lee Grant, Michael Ironside, Linda Purl, William Shatner and Lenore Zann.
The Mystery Man is the fifth solo album by jazz pianist Mike Garson, and was released in 1990.
Fly540 Angola was a subsidiary of Fly540 that was based at Quatro de Fevereiro Airport in Luanda and Cabinda Airport in Cabinda, Angola.
Patricia Donoho Hughes (August 18, 1930 – January 20, 2010) was a First Lady of Maryland, married to former Maryland Governor Harry Hughes.
Artur Augusto da Silva (14 October 1912 – 11 July 1983) was a Cape Verdean writer, advocate and a journalist.
Walter Library is an academic library located on the East Bank campus of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Pątnów Legnicki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Gandra (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈɡɐ̃dɾɐ]) is a city and parish in Portugal, part of the municipality of Paredes.
Shemanski Fountain, also known as Rebecca at the Well, is an outdoor fountain with a bronze sculpture, located in the South Park Blocks of downtown Portland, Oregon, in the United States.
Morteza Atashzamzam is an Iranian film director and producer who was born in 1977 in Isfahan, Iran.
Heat is a 1985 novel by William Goldman about a soldier of fortune in Las Vegas.
Bellahouston Academy is a non-denominational state-run secondary school in Bellahouston, south-west Glasgow, Scotland. Bellahouston Academy first opened in 1876 as a private school run by Alexander Sim.
Running from Crazy is a 2013 television documentary film by director Barbara Kopple about the family of Mariel Hemingway, grand daughter of Nobel Prize-winning author Ernest Hemingway.
Zhana Todorova () (born ) is a Bulgarian female volleyball player, playing as a libero.
Lizzie Fitch (born 1981) is an American artist who works in the mediums of sculpture, video, performance, and installation art.
Jefferson Marques da Conceição (born August 21, 1978, in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais), known as Jefferson Feijão, is a Brazilian footballer.
A Walk on the Wild Side is a 1956 novel by Nelson Algren, also adapted into the 1962 film of the same name.
Beauty and the Bastard is a 2005 Finnish musical romantic drama film directed by Dome Karukoski and written by Pekko Pesonen.
Herići (Cyrillic: Херићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"After Hours is an album led by organist Richard ""Groove"" Holmes recorded in 1961 and 1962 and released on the Pacific Jazz label."
The Montenegrin LGBT Association Queer Montenegro is a non-governmental organization established in October 2012. and registered in March 2013 in Podgorica.
Thierry Alain Florian Taulemesse (born 31 January 1986 in Bagnols-sur-Cèze, Languedoc-Roussillon), known as Florian, is a French professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca FC as a striker.
Julie Mundy is a British writer who focuses on 20th century history and pop culture, most notably Elvis Presley.
Super Typhoon Kate, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Titang, was the second of two super typhoons to strike the Philippines within a week in October 1970, the first being Super Typhoon Joan.
Wallace Reid and Bebe Daniels in the film Sick Abed is a 1920 silent comedy film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures/Artcraft, an affiliate of Paramount. It was directed by Sam Wood and stars matinee idol Wallace Reid.
Justin Lassen (born August 27, 1981, in Denver, Colorado) is a composer, producer, multi-instrumentalist and remixer who has worked in the film, sound design, and video game industries.
The Kellaways Formation is a geological formation of the Callovian Series from the Jurassic.
Emiri Katō (加藤 英美里, Katō Emiri, born 26 November 1983) is a Japanese voice actress and singer working for 81 Produce.
Karkaran (, also Romanized as Karḵarān) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Henny Noremark (born May 23, 1942) is a Swedish production designer and costume designer.
Still Life and Street is an unusual woodcut print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher which was first printed in March, 1937.
Vlasina Rid is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 276 people.
Killer Butterfly (살인나비를 쫓는 여자 - Salin nabireul jjonneun yeoja lit. A Woman Chasing a Killer Butterfly) is a 1978 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
Abdul Matin Chowdhury (1 May 1921 – 24 June 1981) was a Bangladeshi academic and physicist.
Reaching Tin River (1990) is a novel by Australian author Thea Astley.
Anton Teyber (8 September 1756 (bapt.) Anton Teyber was born and died in Vienna.
Las Mantenidas Sin Sueños is the original soundtrack from Vera Fogwill's movie Las Mantenidas Sin Sueños (entitled Kept and Dreamless for international audiences), released in 2007.
Song Min-ho (Korean: 송민호; born March 30, 1993), better known by the stage name Mino, is a South Korean rapper, singer-songwriter, producer and member of boy band Winner, formed through Mnet survival program WIN: Who Is Next under YG Entertainment.
Maureen Staal (born 30 September 1982) is a volleyball player from the Netherlands.
The 351st Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron (Serbo-Croatian: / 351. извиђачка авијацијска ескадрила) was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force established in April 1961 at Tuzla military air base.
Haven Bruce (born January 12, 1979 in Charlotte, North Carolina) is an American soccer striker who currently plays for Upward Stars FC in the National Premier Soccer League.
Lito Legaspi (10 September 1941 – 8 September 2019) was a Filipino actor both in movies and television in the Philippines.
The Gravy Train, also commonly known as The Dion Brothers, is a 1974 American crime-comedy film directed by Jack Starrett, written by Terrence Malick (under the pseudonym David Whitney) and Bill Kerby, and starring Stacy Keach and Frederic Forrest.
Gerren Keith (born March 18, 1941 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American television director.
Nick Macarchuk (born June 26, 1941) is a former men's college basketball head coach.
Usual Suspects is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group 5th Ward Boyz.
Whirlpool of Desire (French: Remous) is a 1935 French drama film directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring Jeanne Boitel, Jean Galland, Maurice Maillot, and Françoise Rosay.
Till There Was You is a 1990 Australian film directed by John Seale, written by Michael Thomas, and starring Mark Harmon, Martin Garner, Gregory T. Daniel, and Deborah Kara Unger.
The Ernst Ruska-Centre (ER-C) for Microscopy and Spectroscopy with Electrons is a German research establishment conjointly operated by the Jülich Research Centre and RWTH Aachen University on a pari passu basis.
Lauranne Dautais (born (1973-06-20)20 June 1973) is a French female former volleyball player. She was part of the France women's national volleyball team.
University of the West (UWest) is a private Buddhist-affiliated university in Rosemead, California.
Kahvan (, also Romanized as Kahvān) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
CHC Airways is an airline based in Hoofddorp, Netherlands.
Agios Georgios Tymfristou (Greek: Άγιος Γεώργιος Τυμφρηστού) is a village and a former municipality in Phthiotis, Greece.
Guyzheh-ye Bala (, also Romanized as Gūyzheh-ye Bālā) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
John Sherry (c. 1506 – 1555), was the Anglican Archdeacon of Lewes in East Sussex, England, between 1542 and 1551. .
1999 Remixes is the third compilation album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai.
KXTT (94.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Maricopa, California, United States, the station serves the Bakersfield area.
National Circus Project is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit educational organization in the United States. The organization was founded in 1984 by JeanPaul Jenack and Meryl Shaffer to teach circus skills in school, as a way to combine physical movement and the arts.
A. M. Paraman (20 October 1926 – 11 June 2018) was a veteran Communist Party of India politician from Thrissur and Member of the Legislative Assembly from Ollur Assembly Constituency from 1987 to 1992.
P. Sri Acharya (, 16 April 1886 – 28 October 1981) was a Tamil scholar, journalist and writer from Tamil Nadu, India. Acharya was born in Thenthiruperai, Thoothukudi District in 1886 to Pichu Iyengar and Pichu Ammal.
